This book has endless lessons on influence and persuasion, and how to deal with people. Thought me a lot on how to disagree the right way. This book is definitely one of my all time favorites!
It’s no wonder that this book has been around for almost a century. The values and discussion are as relevant today as they have ever been and this book, despite its incredible acclaim, exceeded all expectations.  Dale Carnegie understood something deeper - he understood what matters and what doesn’t. He understood an underlying truth about humanity, despite our many differences. This book requires its student to consider a different approach to life and toward people than our default permit and it makes no apologies; minces no words. It has expectations of our egos and expects that we are more than our pettiness and insecurities. I valued that part very much.  This book is one of the most useful, important, and relevant pieces of work that I’ve ever read. And 82 years later, it’s remains one of the pillars of self improvement. Something that absolutely should read and a book I recommend to everyone!
This is an entertaining and engaging book which not only is well written, but also has direct application to life and relationship building.  Carnegie sets out to provide some straightforward behaviors which individuals can use to positively influence their interactions with others.  It is interesting to read the verbiage used in a bygone era and to see the relevance it holds to this day.  Definitely worth a read both for personal development and for pleasure.
This book has completely transformed my view of myself and those around me. It has seriously impacted my life more than any other book I have read save for perhaps the Bible. An absolute must read for anyone in  sales or leadership roles or for anyone who simply wishes to improve their interpersonal skills. This book is worth so much more than $10. I'm seriously shocked that it wasn't locked up and kept in secret for only presidents to read or something...
Got the kindle version with the audio upgrade to listen in the car. The author's voice is magnificent. Also, of course the content is great. Everyone should read this. I am using the principles and seeing immediate results in all my relationships. This should be TAUGHT IN SCHOOLS OR AT LEAST SOMEWHERE
Dale Carnegie wrote a fantastic book.  He writes about success principles that he and others have used to become leaders and build cooperative relationships.  I can tell a differece in how people respond to me since trying to use these principles.  People smile back and are much friendlier.  One reason I think this book is so successful is because the concepts are very simple.  For the most part, all of his principles can be found under, "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you."  If one tries to understand how their actions are going to make others feel before they act, they have gone a long way to winning friends and influencing people.  Another thing that I like about Carnegie's book is that it is all based on sincerity.  All of the advice he gives provide win/win situations.  Nobody loses; he does not try to manipulate or deceive people.  I believe Carnegie had an honest interest in people and wanted everyone to acheive to their highest ability.  The principles in this book helps one help others as well as help oneself.  Truly a fantastic book.
This book should have been given in school! It just a good personal development book that everyone should read. Will it change your life overnight? Well that depends on you. I think putting it into practice will make you a better person all around, if not only a better liked person. It's called manners and it seems people (especially those in my generation and under) need a little reminding. It is all solid advice, and yet not a boring read at all!
This makes you look at what you're doing in life and wonder how you can do it even better. At least that's what I'm getting out of it. I can see how it is very helpful for business minded people. I also see how it can turn an average person into a multimillionaire. I feel this is a must read for every boss, salesperson, and/or anyone whose looking to become an even better person. This book is rather old, but Carnegie has amazing techniques that can be applied to this day. Its a true gem that does not age. I was sent by the Shaycarl! Wanna talk about inspirational, go watch some of his videos on youtube! I first heard about this book from his vlog on 3/10/09. He's an amazing man and a great father.
Great book and overall extremely useful. Even for people who want to read this for entertainment, it is recommended to still read by the first few rules that are presented in this book. There is a huge influence on this book and if done carefully and with enough passion, you can achieve a lot more happiness in life.
Win Friends was a life-changing book for me. From the very first chapter I began to re-evaluate every area of my life and my interaction with employees, friends and most importantly, my family. Not since the Bible has there been a single book that has transformed my way of thinking so completely.  Usually when I read a book I read for a set period of time or for X number of pages at a minimum. I could not do that with Win Friends. Most of the chapters are only 6-8 pages long so the reading goes quick, but I fully recommend stopping after each in order to let each point digest and be thoughtfully considered.  At the end of each chapter is a single line summary. While I didn't memorize these, I frequently think back to them in certain discussions as I look for the best route to handle a situation. Each of these summaries have since been typed up, printed and pasted to the wall next to my desk. I try to read over them daily as a refresher.  So what's all the good stuff? Is this book really just about winning friends and influencing people? Not at all. It's a book on how make people like you while giving you what you want. As Dale Carnegie explains over and over, it's not about taking advantage of people or acting in a false way in order to manipulate them. It's about changing who you are and how you act so that you can address others genuinely and caringly that the natural result will be them wanting to give you what you want. Genuineness is the key to Carnegie's book!  Early in the first chapters I realized that this will be a book I read at least once per year for the rest of my life. The principles will be memorized over time as I read and re-read them daily. You don't have to be an unhappy person to read this book. And you shouldn't read it if you're just looking for ways to "get what you want" out of people. But if you're genuinely interested in how to handle people as valued friends, make people like you, win them over to your way of thinking and learn how to change people without giving offense or arousing resentment, then this book is for you.
Dale Carnegie did an great job describing how to deal with people. For so long I wondered why people do and act the way they do. This book gives so many example and explanation for human being interactions. Like egos, anger, communication technique at work and home. I almost gave up of society and dealing with people, but this book gives me hope.
Without going in agonizing detail, this book is a MUST READ for everyone age 13 and over.  If understood and applied, it will improve any human relationship one has.  It is really that simple.  I don't care who you are, or how successful you may be, you will benefit. It is that good.  READ IT! More on my review: This book is definitely, and certainly one, of the best books ever written.  Why it doesn't get more coverage?  Most likely is due to the fact that it is just too useful. Mordern trains of thought, promoted by the mental health industry and the public school system,  insists that you never take responsibility for your life and communication.  This book teaches the opposit and does not sit well with the, "Blame anyone but yourself" crowd. It is the best interpersonal relations book you will ever read, or need.  All the others are "want to be after thoughts." After decades it is still completely useful advice.  Keep in mind that it was first published in 1936 so some of the stories are dated, but still very instructional.  VERY! This edition combines another Dale book about "worry." Several of my staffs and friends fond it extremely useful. I recommend this edition because you get both books. YOU WILL MAKE MORE MONEY, HAVE MORE FRIENDS, HAVE A BETTER REALTIONSHIP W/ SPOUSE AND CHILDREN, if you read and use this book.  I own a successful retail store and considered myself a master of communication, but after hearing about this book my entire life, I decided to read it last year.  I have read it once and listened to it on CD three times since. I recommend 2-3 readings or "listenings" as you wont get it all the first time. Easy and enjoyable.  The CD is also great!  Leo Hamel
Best book ever. You literally learn how to communicate and bring the best out of the people you meet everyday from just reading this book. You can easily connect to what Dale Canegie writes, take it out and try it for yourself and see that it really works. I've read other books on the same topic and they were a bit boring, a bit far fetched. This one however is straight to the point and uses examples that make sense to make his point.  I read this quite often just to remind myself of the principles explained in this book.
This was the very first self-improvement book I ever read years and years ago and was part of the Dale Carnegie course I took when I was a teenager. This book and the course changed my life. The title really says it all. I got this book for my niece upon here recent graduation from high school. It's not only something every young person should read but anyone who wants to improve their lives. This is the best of the best and is the model upon which almost all such books are based. Buy it, read it, devour it over and over again!
I read this book after reading "The Seven Levels of Communication."  After going through a couple of other self-help books and strategies, many, if not most, reference "How to Win Friends and Influence People."  It's entertaining and refreshes many of the basic premises of interaction that we learn in grade school but seem to have forgotten as we grow older.  I'm still a little conflicted about how the book is designed.  The author lays out principles, and for each principle, provides anecdotal evidence of why applying that principle is advantageous.  It mirrors the way President Obama makes speeches - referencing anecdotal examples from all across the country.  As electronic mediums galvanize their position in how we communicate today, this book is a solid read that pushes you to never lose sight of the notion that, above all, we interact with other humans, and should bear certain principles in mind.
This book is a MUST read for anyone who wants to deal effectively with people. I have been using the suggested techniques in this book, and they have been amazingly successful. The advise in this book is priceless.
This is a great, classic text that is really just expounding upon the golden rule. It is a great tool to make sure that you're acting in a moral way that will not only help you win friends but also build character and sleep well at night. The book follows the typical claim - example - explanation format and it works incredibly well in this context. I always find myself in a better mood after a few pages of Dale Carnegie's seminal text.
This book talks about how some of the old school/basic emotions and behavior would help, when a person is in stable pace in life, to achieve something more than ordinary result. This book is full of examples of the late presidents of USA and other prominent figures.  Though at some point I felt like skipping certain examples, as I am used to listen to my mother talking similar philosophy all the time, I kept reading and it was interesting to know certain facts in history as well.  Overall it not so fun but not too boring. I would say this is a good guid to start a social life.
Each time you read it, you'll remember more. You need to read it over and over. If the whole world read it, the world would be better--truly. It affects all of life.
Whatever your field everyone should own and read this book.  If your job doesn't involve dealing with people your personal life most definitely does.  This book lays out principles and tactics that will help any person succeed in both.  It's funny how long ago this book was written yet the fundamental truths of human interactions haven't changed for thousands of years.  Carnegie provides crystal clear stories to illustrate his points and lays out exactly how to win over any person.  Influencing people (for good) has never been so easy!
There is no other self-help, management or business behavior book written that is not based on Carnegie's wisdom contained in this book.  Carnegie was an absolute genius regarding how to deal with people generally and, in the business world, specifically.  You can read all the Covey and other books that profess to provide guidance (with no disrespect), but it was Carnegie who plowed that earth of wisdom originally. All of the others rely on Carnegie's core Principles and guidance contained in this single font of wisdom.  What's more, in a very short time, you can literally find the tools to happiness.  It's impossible to measure the good, with 15 million sales and counting, that Carnegie has produced with this single book.  Read it and collect the dividends for the rest of your life.  My only regret is that I did not find this until the latter stage of my career. If I had found it earlier, it would have saved me countless "worries" and needless conflicts that derailed my pursuit to success and happiness.  Fortunately, I found it before it was too late.  Read this and the Bible and everything else becomes only interesting and optional when it comes to how to behave in our complicated world.
Every once in a while you find a book that is timeless. This book has so much wisdom within.  Best of all, the information in this book is just as applicable today as it was the day it was written. I'd argue it's more valuable today as a lot of the ways in which to develop and maintain proper interpersonal relationships has been lost in these current times.
It is still very relevant today. Love the book and Dale Carnegie.
This is a classic book, and for good reason. While Dale Carnegie is addressing specifics behaviours we should be using (or not) with people, underlying it all is a solid foundation of core principles.  I found that there was some repetition. His chapters on criticism especially. He starts with it and then revisits it a number of times, calling it nagging sometimes, and showing us the behaviours that cause it. If I was to rewrite the book I'd group most of them in to one longer chapter instead of having them scattered throughout the book.  There was also some stuff that was dated in the book. Particularly in his section on having a good marriage. How he refers to what men and women want seems funny looked at through the lens of today, but the core principles are stellar. Put effort in to your marriage, as much effort as you do to your work.  This was a great read that has lots to offer.
Although the advice offered here is sometimes obvious, we tend to forget to smile at someone, for example. This small gesture can change an entire interaction and open the door to new friendships. This is an excellent and quick read.
read a chapter, follow it, read another chapter, follow it  join the ranks, sunny, it's time to be an adult!
This book was written in the early 1900's by the famous Dale Carnegie.  He wrote this book based on stories and experiences gained from night classes he taught on Public Speaking (not at a college) and reading on the subjects.  All of the advice is still useful.  He uses specific examples (stories) to show and prove his points.  It is unbelievable how well the advice in the book stands the test of time.  A great read for people ending High School or freshman sophomore year of college in my mind, but useful to anyone at anytime.  For personal or business use.
This is one of those classics that everyone's read---or at least should have read. I've been through it a few times now, and I get a little something new from it every time. I'm finally writing a review now mostly so I can remember Carnegie's main points and review them later on.  First off, let's just acknowledge that Carnegie is long-winded AF. He's definitely got a "let's get in a van and drive" vibe going on. I end up skimming through a lot of content just because, once I understand his point, I want to move on already.  Still, he does have useful things to say. Here are the main points I like most:  *** Don't criticize, condemn, or complain. *** Give honest and sincere appreciation. *** Be genuinely interested in other people. Do things for them---things that require time, energy, unselfishness, and thoughtfulness. ***Smile more. You have to have a good time meeting people if you expect them to have a good time meeting you. Also, sometimes a smile makes another person feel hopeful about life, like they aren't alone or that the world isn't a totally unfriendly place. ***Remember a person's name. ***Be a good listener, and be generous with your approval and praise. Talk about the other person's interests (and they will think you are the most amazing listener in the world...). ***And this last one is key for me, mostly because I feel it (want it?) so deeply. Make the other person feel important. And do it sincerely. We all want the approval of others. We want to feel recognized.    There's a huge second section about winning people over to your side in an argument, but meh. I've been married to a lawyer for twelve years. I don't need any more of that...
My in-laws recommended that my husband and I read this - what a game changer.  It has so many great examples of how to look at life in a positive and more productive way.  We are happy people who work hard, this elevated our outlook significantly - I highly recommend it.
The book shows many common principles that people experience where they may not otherwise know (yet) how to articulate them. I’d recommend this to anyone in HS, College, or early in their career, to help provide perspective of much that occurs in life.
One of the very first to attempt to precipitate exact tactics for influencing other people, regular re-reading of this text makes life easier.
Do not buy this book unless you have no common sense. The few good points were also obvious. I know this was a highly touted book, but I really don't see how. Most of it seems to be about how the author, in all his brilliance, deciphered and discovered all these amazing points (this is intentional sarcasm). If you have too much money, no common sense, and never had a mentor in your life, this might help, a little, if your intellectually and irredeemably  impotent of character, this might give you a boost in the right direction, but only as a beginning. And only if you can get around the author's bloated self praise. In short : Don't waste your money!
I've had this book for awhile but have read it.  It's really a reminder of principle you should use when working with others.  Obviously, they won't all work all the time, but what's eye-opening is the emphasis on being humble, thinking of the other person and listening more than talking.
A good book that teaches you how persuade people to give you favorable outcomes and to improve on your relationships with people in general. Useful book that is worth looking at from time to time to remind yourself of the useful tips that are shared.
This book has been recommended to me by numerous people and was even an optional reading for my social psychology class.  However, the title always turned me away because it sounds so manipulative and disingenuous.  That's just not the kind of person I want to be.  After seeing more and more recommendations I finally decided to give it a try and am very glad I did.  Despite the title, the book is actually the opposite of what I imagined it would be.  It's basic principle is universal and timeless, change the way people react to you by changing the way you react to them.  Do to others what you would like to be done to you.  It's the golden rule that has been repeated countless times by many different cultures.  Carnegie goes into the nuances of how to apply this rule and talks about the difference between genuine appreciation and flattery, etc.  Don't let the title turn you away.  This book really is a gem in how to treat others better and be treated better in return.
This is a really good book if you want to know how to get along with people. Unlike other reviews on this here some of this info can be used in personal relationships not just business.  The whole theme of this book is make this person feel important. Treat them how you would like to be treated. Be interested in them, do not condemn them.  I suggest reading this book with a highlighter and some flag post its. In the beginning they say you should read each chapter twice, but this book is way to boring to do so.  It is a good book, but Dale uses way to many examples. BORING ONES!  Which is why I rate this a 4 star not a 5.  This book can be written in about 150 or less pages if was not for those tedious examples. He uses about 3-5 examples each chapter making scream to your self SHUT UP I GET IT!  So that is why I say use a high lighter. As you read threw all these examples a hint or two comes up on how to influence people and why. To bad he did not mention not to bore people.  Over all it is a good book, just to many examples. Luckily I did use a highlighter and flags to go back to the book when I need it.  And yes my relationship with people did grow. I use to be a guy that will cut people off while talking, argue till I am right pretty much the exact opposite of this book. Give people the upper hand when conversating with some one, do more listing than talking.  And that is it in nutshell.
The book is great, but this version contains many uncorrected mistakes, it appears it was poorly scanned and digitized and no attempt was made to correct scan errors.
I was very reluctant to read this book. I was told I needed to attend the seminar because I'm pants at communicating with people that do stupid stuff.  In the first 40 pages I was a fan of the writing style and Dale's blatant 'they're never going to change but you can, so be better, smarter and more adaptable' attitude.  I hate compliments, small talk and incentives for myself and never think to engage anyone else with, what I consider to be, useless sentiment when we could just get things done.  I still feel the same way but Dale just used the right words to pull all the frustration out of my interactions with those not as inclined to be self-motivated or think.  Good read and if you've been told you need to take the seminar you should probably read this first…I'm not sure I could handle a seminar but this book helped me gradually integrate what I learned into my experiences with others….on my own time.
This is one of the best books that I have ever read. It is so simple and yet so life changing. There is a reason that Warren Buffet attributes so much of his success to this book. I could not recommend this book more.
This is a book where you read a chapter, ponder it, apply it, reread same chapter, ponder and apply, then go on to next chapter. That way it becomes a course that will transform your life. Really. I'm reading using this method, only on chapter 4, and already it's changed how I relate with people for the better... much better!
Just began this book and I am so looking forward to reading it. I’ve read and heard so many wonderful things about it.  Four stars instead of five because of Amazon, it somehow managed to knick all three of the new books I purchased. Everything else in my order was fine. That disappointed me and I kind of wish I had taken a little bit more time and gone to a bookstore to get these instead of having new but worn-looking books. I am a big fan of Amazon, don’t get me wrong, but this just doesn’t seem fair and I don’t want to take time out of my day to return and re-request these items. So yes, I am keeping my new knicked books that I was looking forward to. I am sure the content is going to make up for it.
This book is an absolute must lecture for everybody, but especially for those who find themselves in charge of a team, be it a business, group of students, civic association or your own family. In 1996 I was put in charge of conducting a church choir who had inherited a lot of nasty problems from the former director. Reading this book and applying what it says saved my job and brought my team back to peak performances. Since I came to America I am a Toastmaster, and every time I give a speech about leadership and human relations in my club I recommend this book to my fellow members and have given away several hard copies of it. If everyone went by this book we all truly would live in a much better and pleasant business and political environment.
Although this read was quite lengthy, I feel that it is warranted. It reiterated a lot of principles that I naturally follow and would sometimes view as unnecessary. After reading this book I can now revalidate my reasons for leading in the manner in which I do. There’s a saying that “nice guys finish last”. If you apply the principles that are explained throughout this book, it won’t matter where you finish for you will have accomplished principles and traits that most people view as superior. You will have increased your ability to be a successful and effective leader.  Much love! Would recommend.
This book will help you help the people around you. You'll begin tying events together, identifying causes and effects, and working towards solutions to many pitifully unnecessary problems and daily tensions.  You'll read many tips that you already know and apply and you'll feel proud that you do. But you will also certainly come across many gems that you'll relate to yourself and the people around you.  I knew about this book for a while. Reading about making friends seemed cheap to me, let alone "winning" friends. I did not want to read this for my ego's sake. I would think: I don't need anyone to tell me how to live. ...I judged the book by its cover.  Then Amazon made me buy it with their wallet-draining book suggestions and I'm glad I did. Please, read it. Skim through it. Whatever.
Many ideas come and go but this book was one of the first greats. While it was relevant 70 years ago and is just as important today. Everybody has to deal with people so why not learn how to get along the best you can. Whether you are a student getting ready for the work force or a busy executive you will find something in this book that will help you. Listening and learning how to listen is one of the most important ideas that this book has to present. In a world where people love to hear their own voice but not listen when spoken to this book rocks. Even if only a chapter a week is read the lessons learned will impact your personal and professional life.
i highly recommend everybody to buy this book. you need this book in your life. it helped me with every aspect in life  starting how to deal my my boss and co workers. and even in my home and with friends. dale carnegie was a very wise man, he teaches me so much everyday i read this book 4 times already and i am into my fifth time now,, it never gets old or boring. you will just learn more an more every time you read it!  how to win friends and influence people changed my life and my way of thinking!
Most people my age have read this in high school some 40 years ago...or so. At 64,I'm just reading it for the first time. I'm retired but could use some help in people skills and communication skills. I'm already trying out some of The concepts in every day situations.
So I'm trying to make some changes in my life and this book gives amazing advice. Common sense really but as we know common sense isn't all that common! I've listened to this more than once. It's really change your life advice. I highly recommend. I'm trying to see if the principles will help me improve in my profession and thus far it's working!
This book is an influential classic, yet sadly it's core ideas are not practiced enough these days. The executive summary is that making people angry, embarrassed, or defensive makes them less likely to give you what you want from them, now or in the future. It give plenty of practical advice and interesting historical anecdotes for examples.
This book showed me other approaches to doing things that I never thought of before. I enjoy the examples Dale Carnegie provides. Unlike many self help books where you read the same concepts already discussed in other books, in this book I learned very new, original ways to dealing with situations. I enjoyed reading it. I also see how his suggested approaches can help me in my relations at work.
I've read and studied this book twice.  I gave a copy to a friend who recently got a store managers job.  This book helps you learn how to get along with people and win them over.  It is a book designed for people in leadership situations to help you deal with people from day to day.  It really helped me on my job and to make new friends.  I read this book 20 years ago and I am still benefiting from what I learned from it.  I can't praise this book enough.
This book is easily the easiest read and most common sense book about gaining influence into another person's life. What is refreshing about Carnegie is that throughout the chapters he mentions the ethics of influencing people and how "fake flattery" is just that, fake. Nobody likes that (ie the common sense part). After reading it I realized how few people utilize creativity while relating to others around them, regardless if it's at work or in your social life. I would recommend this book to anyone who sincerely wants to know how to connect with the people around them. If you are a scam artist or simply a manipulative person skip this one; it's not going to help you any.
First of all, I have heard about this book for years and always postponed to read it. Finally i got a copy in kindle addition and after the preview a realized that this book was and is and will always be a bestseller. Even been written so many decades ago it did not age, in fact, it never will. The simple examples are so true and you go: "Aha, here is my mistake...I can change my attitude!" I recommend to everyone to read this book at least once. It makes so much sense in everyday life!!! I have read negative reviews about it... probably people, who wrote them, consider themselves smarter than Dale Carnegie and people who spent allot of their time and effort in creating this wonderful book, or they are simply fools!
pre-ordered this book thinking it was a normal size book seeing as how it didn't say anything about "miniature" in the title and now im stuck with this tiny book. Luckily for me I couldn't wait to read the book so I bought it on ibooks for my ipad. I cannot upload a photo because I am on deployment, but this book fits in the palm of my hand.
I have long been suspicious of this book, because some people I know who attended Dale Carnegie training seemed manipulative and superficial.  When I finally read it, I found it to be full of excellent advice.  Many of these things I have learned from hard experience, and life might have gone easier if I had read the book sooner.  Whatever.  While it is true that the information here could be misused, the author's intentions are above reproach, and he warns against manipulation and superficiality.  I intend to reread these chapters many times, and integrate his principles into my life.
This book has changed my approach to dealing with people. I no longer rush to judgement but instead try to see situations from someone else's perspective. I've become more open minded and enjoy listening to those whose opinion differ from mine. Too many improvements to list. Please read this book, you will not regret it.
I recommend this book for anyone who deals with people whether in a job situation or every day encounters. It gives a lot of insight in how to work with people. When you apply the simple suggestions you will notice that others will react to you accordingly. Even if you are already doing most of the things in the book this will be a nice refresher course. The golden rule is a part of this...do unto others as you would have them do to you. When we are upset the last thing we need is someone upset making us more upset and with this in mind...we can see how we would want others being more tolerant of us and so we become more tolerant of others...a win, win, situation for everyone. Honesty and kindness are the basic keys to success. I hope you enjoy the book and take it to heart like I did...you will be a better person for it.
First, the book speaks for itself. I can't review it. Enough said.  Second, some people get hung up with the phrase, "Fundamental techniques in handling people," with emphasis on the "technique" and the "handling." to our 21st Century ear, it sounds manipulative, dehumanizing, or even Machiavellian (The Prince (Dover Thrift Editions)).  Reread the story found in chapter 9. Dale complimented a man on his head of hair, who took a shine to the compliment.  Dale continues:  "I told this story once in public and a man asked me afterwards, 'What did you want to get out of him?'  "What was I trying to get out of him!!! What was I trying to get out of him!!!  "If we are so contemptibly selfish that we can't radiate a little happiness and pass on a bit of honest appreciation without trying to get something out of the other person in return--if our souls are no bigger than sour crab apples, we shall meet with the failure we so richly deserve. Oh yes, I did want something out of that chap. I wanted something priceless. And I got it. I got the feeling that I had done something for him without his being able to do anything whatever in return for me. That is a feeling that flows and sings in your memory lung after the incident is past."  This book clearly falls under what Stephen R. Covey calls the character Ethic, as opposed to the Personality Ethic in success literature (The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change). It also explains this books enduring power. It is about simple, home-town, Mayberry goodness and kindness.  And it is also about managing egos, which is my third point.  We all have egos,prideful egos, and it is our egos that get us in the way. We always have to be right. We always have to get our way. We always have to have the last word.  And it is our egos that get in the way of dealing with people, because every other person also has an ego.  And that is the rub. How does one control another person's ego all the managing ones own pushy ego. This book offers techniques--that is, patterns, skills, and, yes, habits--of human interaction.  Which techniques are, in reality, swallowing one's own ego, and working with the ego-inertia of other people.  Case in point--does Dale advocate lying? In chapter 10, Dale tells of a party he attended. A person said that a quote from Shakespeare was, in reality, from the Bible. It was a small error. But Dale, with a solid Hermione  Granger Complex, corrected the speaker.  It didn't go well, and another person at the part affirmed that the quote from the Bard was really from the Bible. As the party was breaking up, Dale asked about why the person lied about the quote.  He replied, "' ... we were guests at a festive occasion, my dear Dale. Why prove to a man he is wrong? Is that going to make him like you? Why not let him save his face? He didn't ask for your opinion. He didn't want it. Why argue with him? Always avoid the acute angle.'"  Again, this book is about managing egos--yours and others.  "The man who said that taught me a lesson I'll never forget. I not only had made the storyteller uncomfortable, but had put my friend in an embarrassing situation. How much better it would have been had I not become argumentative."  Dale didn't lie; the guest guest did. And his point was not to lie--the mollycoddle/doormat/Wormtongue approach--but not to be argumentative. In the cosmic scheme of things, the misattribution of the quote was of no import. But taming, and eventually slaying Dales ego was the most needful thing.  And that is why we should read this book. Our egos are harming, even damaging, our human relations. Not just in the workplace, where we are hurting our careers, but also in the home. Our greatest area of influence should be with our families.  And our spouses should be our greatest friend.
The concepts are easy to use, basic, commonsense, courtesy techniques that do deliver results. This being my 2nd or 3rd time reading this. Last time 10+ yrs ago. I may not of learned anything new on this read, but it definitely brings all that, practical advice back to the forefront and primed for implementation.  It definitely carries it weight, although if you read it once or twice before like me, there is a summary book out that may serve you better and obviously spare you the full explanations that I'm sure you'll recall instantly. Great book. If you haven't read it, you'll wanna go all in on this one.
This should be required reading for anyone looking to be in a position of leadership, and required reading for every MBA program. For anyone looking to go into politics, this is also a must read. This is the stuff you need but no one ever teaches you; in fact, most institutes of higher education teaches you the opposite - how to criticize and debate and dominate someone intellectually. There is value in that, but this book teaches you about how to navigate a world full of people, and that's something much more important than any technical skill or knowledge for people looking to manage and lead others.
Purchased as a gift to one of my ROTC Cadets to begin their professional library. As part of a class assignment I asked each cadet what book would they no-kidding read, military or not, related to their academic major or not. After I compiled the list of books for the class I went online and ordered all the books from Amazon. I placed them at their seats prior to class and allowed them to enter the room w/o me being present for the first five minutes. It was, and still is, one of the good teaching moments of our time together. Thanks for helping me fulfill a need in their soon-to-be military career.
This book has been of more use to me than many others. I’ve found myself able to delegate and build teams much better by applying these ideas and teachings over time!
I was an 18 year old college studing studying 'business' in the early 80's when I was given this book as a study companion. I have read this book more times than I've read the Bible. It is one of the most inspiring collections of stories ever put together in one book. It's and easy read, with suggestions on how to get the most out of the book. I purchased it in hardback and added it to my library. This book is great for leaders, employers, business owners, parents, and philanthropist. Must read!
I don’t sit down often to read a book, but this book was referred to me. After reading the first chapter, I wasn’t sure if I would continue, but then I continued to the second, third, fourth, and other chapters and I couldn’t stop reading. If you work for corporate or any job, this book teaches you how to deal with and interact with different people who each have unique personalities. It’s an amazing book. Thanks for reading my review!
There is a reason this book has been in print for decades. Reading this text changed my outlook on life, both personally and professionally. Any time I find myself needing an attitude adjustment, I crack-open this book and re-read for a little tune-up.  I have purchased several copies as gifts for family, friends, and campus leaders at my college.  This is the ultimate guide to moving from a follower to an influencer.
I wish I had purchased this book sooner.  Dale Carnegie's advice has remained constant and applicable across the years for a reason. It's simple and his techniques make perfect sense. If you're anything like me, you'll be kicking yourself when you see how you could have handled situations differently. I'm being transformed from a socially awkward, timid and defensive person, to someone that seems collected and confident.  If you're having troubles in life and simply can't figure out what you're doing wrong, this is a fantastic place to start. Good luck on your journey!
I bought the ebook and audio book. The content is phenomenal! The audio book is difficult to listen to, but this is my first audio book so they may be why.
The first half of the book is more interesting then the second half which becomes a bit repetitive, in a nutshell don't condemn criticise, complain , give honest and sincere appreciation, arouse an eager want are good techniques to make your relationship better with people. Ways to make people like you be genuinely interested in people, smile, take their name, make the other person feel important are good points let's see how it holds up in the world
This book is timeless. A lot of common sense; but filled with invaluable reminders of how we should behave towards others no matter whether you're a working professional or retiree. Highly recommend
I’ve made it about halfway in this book and I’m starting to use these principles in my life (at least what I’ve read up to).  It’s given me a better outlook on people as well as helping me to socialize with more people THE RIGHT WAY, so that they have interest in being around me.  The premise of each “lesson” is followed by multiple proofs as well.
I am sure we all have been in the situation where you want other people either to like you, buy your product or you want them to do something they might naturally not be interested in doing. This book is an all-time classic and a MUST-READ for every manager and aspiring influencer. It is not one of those disingenuous books where you are taught tricks to manipulate or 'massage' people in doing something against their will. No, it uses  methods like showing genuine interest in other people and their perspective, and abounds with practical real-life examples how it has changed people's lives and approach to undertake business!  It definitely has made me more aware of others, and through showing interest in others it is much easier to get done what you want them to do - they want to do it themselves! Like Stephen R Covey puts it, “Seek first to understand, then to be understood.”
My son is enjoying it. But I have one question. Why is the book version so much different from the kindle and the audible version.
My Dad gave me a copy of this when I graduated highschool in the 90s but I wasn't "ready" for it yet, I don't even think I read it to be honest. Now I'm 37 and realizing that I've put my personal growth on the back burner for entirely too long. I had pretty much given up on making new adult friends. I had actually self-diagnosed myself with Asperger's because I was having such a difficult time trying to figure out why people (including myself) do the things that do. The realization that my marriage was being effected by my nearly empty toolbox of social skills promoted me to take personal responsibility and shoulder the blame myself for once instead of blaming everyone around me for everything. I grew up with a hypercritical Mother so I think I had promised myself that I would never be criticized again, even if that meant writing people off the instant I felt like I had made myself vulnerable enough to be hurt by them.    I couldn't find the copy that my dad gave me so I ordered a new one and chapter 1 alone is changing the way I look at EVERYTHING. I've been plagued with mild depression/anxiety for 20 years and I'm realizing that I've developed some unhealthy defense mechanisms to cope with these issues. I never turned to drugs or alcohol, but the fortress-like walls I've constructed to deal with criticism (real or perceived) aren't much better for me. I've re-read and taken notes on the first section of the book several times now and my wife is noticing and she seems quite relieved, i had no idea I could impact another persons life so strongly.    Like I said, I am only getting started with the book and it has already helped me enough to warrant a 5-star rating. This book has stood the test of time for a reason and I can see why now. The strategies are applicable to and helpful in all aspects of my life so far, from my marriage to my job, and even to the way I interact with clerks in gas stations. I've read numerous self help books in the past, seen a therapist for 3 years, been through the gauntlet of antidepressants, etc, and until now I thought I was wasting my time. I've been learning things all along, but I never learned how to actually apply the things I had learned until now. This book speaks my language and if your background sounds even remotely similar I have a feeling that you'll agree.
I dont like that I'm forced to leave a review in order to navigate back to the home screen to read something else.  The book was good.  Slowly sliding into irrelevancy but still plenty of practical advice on getting along with people.
For good reason, Dale Carnegie’s How to Win Friends & Influence People has been one of the most influential business books over the last seventy years.  Carnegie makes seemingly obvious social niceties and transforms them into relevant business tactics that create a toolkit to “win friends and influence people”.  In reality, I believe he’s right, and the truth is in its simplicity.  Smile.  Remember people’s names.  Listen.  Carnegie uses simple anecdotes and stories to tell how each lesson can be applied in the real world and with meaningful benefits.  They’re easy to identify with and quick to read.  I believe the enduring nature of the book is its simplicity and effectiveness.  As far as criticisms go, I only have two of note.  First, I found the recurring references to read and re-read this book a bit trite.  In my opinion, if someone finds one’s writing worthy of reading and re-reading they, on their own, can do it.  I recognize it may serve a useful purpose, but I found it a bit condescending.  Second and a minor one, the stories are a bit dated.  The references to old technologies may date the book.  In some ways, it may diminish the punch.  In others, it proves its endurance.  Overall, this book is a timeless classic and a terrific learning tool.  I would recommend it to anyone looking to improve their business acumen and ultimately, their abilities to win friends and influence people.  Rating: 4/5
This book has taught me so much. Whether you're in the Communication field or Engineering, everyone could benefit from learning how to positively interact iwth people.
Easily the "godfather" of human relations book, as is mentioned in the book's synopsis.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking to improve their day-to-day relationships, whether at home, school, or work.  This piece should be a mandatory read for college students, or at a minimum, recent graduates.  The principles in this book will help you reframe your thoughts and actions in a manner that is much more productive - for you as well as those you interact with.  Now stop reading this and get started, it's a quick read that you won't want to put down!
Better shape than i expected. Binding is perfect, almost no wear besides a little crease in the cover. Pages are in great condition. Overall it is in good condition i would recommend buying it.
Great book - and the audible version is excellent. The book lays out some clear truth about how to interact with other people - and be successful at it. The key is not to focus on yourself, but to seek to figure out what makes the other person tick, and then find ways to meet them where they are.
I don't think it matters what you do for a living, people skills are a must! In today's world of high tech I'll text you later we've lost your ability to make these small intimate connections. I really truly can't say enough good things about this book. I work in business, I'm in the USA, the majority of my clients are in Canada. I almost never have actual conversations with any of them or my co-workers who are all over the globe. It's always I'll email you, Skype, Hang Outs and so on you later, but with what worked in face to face offices in the early 1930's it works for today's world as well. Since really at the base we all just want to be appreciated. I've read other books on how to do this exact same thing, but there's a reason this book has remained a staple in business culture for 75 years. This book just has so many amazing truths and good points if I can ever put them all in action and break my own bad habits I'd be even more successful. I have this book both in print & on my Kindle with the audibles & I would make that investment all over again!
A good read. The book offers many great ways to improve your tactics when influencing people. Being a good person to other people will help you become more likable and popular. However, not everyone possesses the masterful skills of being popular, so you may need to work on those aspects of yourself in order to become more social.
I have heard for years that I should read this book, and now that I have finally gotten around to it, I found I really enjoyed it. Leaders, folks in sales, and literally every person in the world should read and understand the principles described in this book. Most of the chapters relate specifically to things I teach in my social psychology class, which made me happy because it shows the overlap between business, public speaking, and psychology that my students need to be able to see to relate to the content. This is definitely a book to buy, read, and re-read once per year to remind yourself of the principles.
Los conceptos expuestos por Dale Carnegie son increíblemente sencillos y al momento de escuchar los ejemplos y razonamientos quedé convencido. Es el definitiva una guía para ser crecer, al tomar en cuenta a los demás antes que a nosotros mismos.
This is the best book on leadership ever written.  It should be the first look anyone reads who wants to learn how to get along with others, whether at work or not.  It is a must read!
Everyone should have, read and re-read periodically. This book will help you with all of your relationships. I re-read it to remind me the best way to communicate with everyone. I fell, this is a "must have book" I give it to young people as well as adults. I promise you will learn and improve your life if you buy, READ AND PRACTICE THE CONTENT of this book no matter what age you are.
Whether we like it or not, we were brought into the world and age with other people - and wouldn't you know it - we have to cooperate whether we like it or not.  Unfortunately, there is no instruction manual for cooperation. Sure, you talk to people, but sometimes, you feel like there's a missing piece of the puzzle hidden somewhere and another story left untold...  As a mostly wayward introvert, I had a hard time making friends... but now I feel empowered with a secret formula that I wish I knew years ago, although this book does not contain all of the answers in life, it does emanate with a distinct warm radiance - a truly humane quality that is lacking in our digital era.  Dale Carnegie shows you, in layman's terms, how you should treat your fellow man, gain their admiration and respect, and still get the results you want, but in the most ethical and humane way possible.  This book is hands down one of the best purchases I have ever made in my lifetime.
I was always skeptical of Dale Carnegie's famous book. If it was so effective, why had so many read it and still failed to be successful? It was only upon reading it that I realize that this book is amazing and seldom put into practice instead of a sham. His advice is excellent and stands the test of time. "How to Win Friends & Influence People" Will be joining the Holy Bible and Strunk & White's Elements of Style as books that I reread year after year.
Get this book.  Read this book.  Read it again.  Repeat every few months. It won't even be tedious... you'll WANT to.  Live life in a new, better way.  Learn how people think.  This book is not about manipulation. It's not about flattery. This book is about honesty, understanding, empathy, self-control, sincerity, respect, and appreciation. These are powerful things, and when you understand them, trust in them, and internalize them, you'll be more successful and more satisfied with life than anyone trying to get ahead in life through selfish, inconsiderate, and unscrupulous means.  Most life-changing book I've ever read. I can't recommend it enough.  Just do it. If you're going to buy one book on Amazon, this is it.
"The deepest human urge is the desire to feel important"  That is the reason this book was written. More specifically this is a book about how to make those around you feel important and in turn, like you better. If you give others what they want, they wont hesitate giving you what you want yourself. And this feeling of importance is one that we all crave, yet rarely put into words.  Appealing to the importance of others is a subtle art that requires patience and practice, this book gives the knowledge forming the basis for practice and experience. But one will have to be his own teacher.
The best book that I have ever read (listened) to in my entire life. In fact, I am going through again. What makes the audio version all the better is that it is read by Andrew MacMillan who has a very soothing voice that I could listen to all day. I highly recommend this book.
I decided to read this book because of its wild popularity and far-reaching influence. First, let me say that despite its age, it is engagingly written and easy-to-read. The author shares many personal stories to illustrate his points. Despite this, I find that the tactics the book suggests are underhanded and manipulative. A quick look at the author's wikipedia bio reveals that his life supports this hypothesis -- he changed his name in order to manipulate his audience into believing he was connected to Andrew Carnegie and more successful than he actually was. Don't get me wrong -- I think some of these "tips" in the book are useful -- for friendships and sincere relationships. But they are deceitful in dealing with business opportunities -- essentially leading someone to believe you are interested in them as a friend, when in fact you are simply trying to close a deal and get what you want.
A truly great book.  Full of very practical, timeless advice.  So useful I have read it literally 5 times, and will read it again just to keep reminding myself of the key principles it contains on how to be successful in human interactions.
What else can you say, it's a classic in the self-improvement category and lives up to the hype.  Really basic, foundational strategies here but written in a way that develops buy-in and compels you to take action.  It's just as much a book about the psychology of what motivates people as it is strategies on how to be liked and remembered by those you interact with.  Definitely worth the read.  My only criticism is the redundancy of some of the points.  Two examples would suffice for some of the points but the author will fill four pages instead.
Reread this after nearly 30 years and realized what a treasure it still is today.  Relevant if not timeless.  Yet, the world does not always smile upon those who would naively believe that this book alone is all you need to follow in order to succeed.  That's a shame, too.  Character, integrity and dignity is what this book is about and taking the high road to success.  Should be required reading for every politician these days, lol.
This is such an ancient book, yet it still is applicable to today's world. Some of the things that really stuck to me are:  1. "You attract more flies with a drop of honey than a gallon of gall." 2. "Be lavish in your praise."  After applying these teachings and some of the other topics he discussed, I can say that I have a much better relationship with those around me.
A classic. I first read this in my undergrad years, but come back time and again, even if just to read a chapter here or there. It's a great insight into life and being a professional, but it may help you come away being, feeling, or actually becoming more successful.
With so much useful information, you would have to be crazy not to buy this book, especially for the price. Don't think of this as a self-help book because my instant thought after hearing that phrase just shy's me away from it. Think of it more as a book on advice for getting along with everyone. The information that is given is most certainly relevant to one's daily life and can be implemented almost immediately. I guarantee you will learn something after reading this; and the best thing is that you can practice the information without getting out of your comfort zone. I'd recommend this book to anyone that is capable of reading.
Certain chapters really rang home for me. I appreciated the advice of not trying to quickly read through the book for pleasure, but instead read slowly, and really give yourself time to absorb each chapter and put into practice.
I really enjoyed this book. The advice is timeless and is as relevant today as it was 80 year's ago. I stumbled across How to Win Friends & Influence People while looking for something on change management. I wanted a book that explored the human component and not the process piece of change management.  Dale Carnegie illustrates each lesson, or principle, by using both professional and personal examples. I love Carnegie’s writing style and use of words, which had a calming effect and transported me back in time. An informative and enjoyable read.
I read this book years ago and loved and practiced this for years and then I found myself using the word but and disagreeing with people. I picked up the book and re-read it. But has left my world. I remember that you can not win an argument. Welcome to the best life!
What a gem of a book! I'm a whole new generation discovering this book! This book succinctly, clearly, and humorously describes how to influence and win people to an idea. The most important getaway I had from this book was that - it won't work if your intentions aren't right! "This is not a bag of tricks" - Dale Carnegie.  LOVED IT! Out of all the self-help and human relationship books this was the best! Many books now are overcomplicated versions of what Dale explained in a practical way.  GET IT!! You won't regret it! I will be getting a hard-copy of this to put in my library (I have the Kindle version now) because it's that good and worth having as a reference!
Very well written and easy to understand. He tends to really pack in lots of examples to get you to understand the principles, which is the most important thing. A lot of the stuff he talks about is really just about being a good, sincere person so for me, I was already implementing most of his principles, however he gives examples and makes points that I didn't think of before and takes it to a whole new level. No matter who you are or what you do I think everyone should buy this book. It would make the world a much better place if everyone used these principles everyday!  Very easy to read and understand! It's also a quick read and something you can read over and over again throughout your life.  Definitely Recommend!
I can see where when this was written it would work,  but with the society we've become a person following these ideas would either be walked all over our seen as fake.  It's sad really to read this and ser what we were and what we've become.
This was the first book of the kind I had read, and it puts the art of enchanting the reader to a T. Not very good at business or interaction with people? This book will break down your limitations and help you to communicate and make people like you. Dale has an eloquent style of teaching through his words. Hes great, he uses examples from far back in history. This book isnt just for people that have a hard time communicating, maybe your a writer that likes to read great work in order to build your expertise. This is the book for you. It should be implemented in 6-8 grade so our future generations have a head start IMO. Great read easily one of my favorite books. Couldnt recommend this more highly
Every human should have to read this book. Making connections is so vital and dale does an amazing job in educating. Interpersonal relationships is the highest maturity you can reach, and it is vital. Just read it and you will know what I mean. Great book.
I had heard some negative responses to this book, essentially that it was smarmy and manipulative, and I think a lot of that owes to people reviewing the title and then reading the book superficially in a biased way. Almost everything in this book is commonsense on how to treat people in a human, respectful way that leaves everyone involved feeling better about themselves. Personally, I'll be re-reading and thinking about this book for a long time.
There are certain books you will read and put on the shelf when done.  This book is tried and trued. It's one of the best books recommended for people who want to network.  The things discussed in this book you can carry with you forever if you're not accustomed meeting and being friendly with people.  It's one of the most recommended books in photography as well as business.  This is one of the books I gladly give away as a gift to those who need it.
Coming from a technical backround as a battery tech. I was very limited in my social skills. Everyone liked me, but I wanted to make an impact on peoples lives. Therefore I became a personal trainer. After month into training my first two clients, I knew I needed help! I was recommended this book by one of those clients. It has changed my perception of how to talk and listen to people. I can now effectively encourage for better lifestyles and be a better listener, a listener who is sincere. A must read for anyone who wants to be a better friend, up to the CEO.
I, DO NOT AT ALL, feel like the winning bidder of a new cellphone, and all I got in the mail was a photo copied picture of a cellphone.  I feel like the winning bidder of a new cellphone, and all I got in the mail was a photo copied picture of a cellphone. This book is so small it’s virtually unreadable and incredibly aggravating to handle.  The words “Miniature Edition” were NOT in Amazon’s title on February 26, 2017 when I pre-ordered as shown in the attached screenshot. On that same date it WAS written: “Product Dimensions: 3 x 0.8 x 3.5 inches” so that part was accurate. Like many, I didn’t expect a book as tall as the width of a credit card. I’ll let Running Press and Amazon figure out who deserves the one star for what I consider to be a misleading product. (Besides adding the words “Miniature Edition” how about a picture of the book next to something for scale?!?) In no way, shape, or form did this product meet any semblance of reasonable expectation.
My favorite book!  I read this and reread this.  It brings clarity to how one must perceive others if they want to achieve the results they are looking for.  If you only want to read one book or are just looking for something to ground you this is a must read in any category.  To get subordinates to be successful you must first address yourself and treat others how you want to be treated.  This book provides a platform to start and is entertaining in the process.
I started reading this book and already it's really helpful. I was particularly surprised by the enormous amount of research that went into this book (Carnegie even hired a separate person to research for a year and a half to find the bits Carnegie might have missed). Apparently, they went through over a hundred books on Roosevelt alone.  At any rate, his work paid off. Carnegie's book is logical and helpful. A few of his comments are outdated (his discussion of mental illness was off-putting, but probably wouldn't have been at the time this book was written). For example, psychologists no longer use terms like "going insane" to describe conditions like depression, nor do psychologists assume that people try to become depressed on purpose. That riled me a bit.  If you can overlook these particular comments, there is much to be gained from the book. The advice on dealing with people is stellar.
This is one of my favorite self-imporvent book I have ever read. "How To Win Friends and Influence People" is a fantastic book. Everyone should read this at least once in their life. It is a very easy and simple read, with tons of examples of how people behave in society, and people in your life today. You can go from chapter to chapter and imediately put into practice what you read. His methods work. I tried many of the lessons in my work, family, and personal life and got great results. I HIGHLY recommend this book to anyone, form kids, teens, and adults. Read this book sooner than later. You will be glad you did.
Life-changing! Why did I not read this sooner?! As long ago as this book was written (and some of it is a little antiquated), Dale Carnegie's words are still relevant and, most importantly, ones you can relate to! Not only does he provide A LOT of examples of people practicing what he preaches, he give you tools to make these changes yourself. I've never read a book that has helped me to define my sense of self like this one. He made me understand the person I am and want to be. I even had someone stop me in the subway to tell me how this book changed his life!
I was drawn to this book after reading in Warren Buffett's biography that it was a book he found hugely influential in his own success with dealing with people. Mr. Buffett had countless friends and influenced as many people as anyone in his lifetime, so I had to read it. I was not disappointed, this book has the eloquent writing style that was prominent in the 1930's (the first edition was written in 1936)very charming and well written, it is a delight to read. I really wished I would have read this book twenty years ago. I would have had a much smoother journey through my business career and personal relationships, but alas later is better than never and I look forward to putting what I learned in place for the next fifty years.  Hear is how you win people to your way of thinking in a nutshell. How do you get the best of an argument? Avoid them at all costs, they are not worth the price. Always show respect for others opinions. Never, ever, say "You are wrong." This gains you nothing. If you are wrong, admit it quickly and emphatically. This is biblical from the mouth of Jesus, no less. Begin all encounters with people in a friendly way. Always get the other person saying yes, by finding common ground. Let the other person do a great deal of the talking, this is perceived as having great listening skills. Let the other person feel that the idea that you are presenting is his or hers. This is a skill. It is crucial to honestly see things from the other person's point of view. Be sympathetic with the other person's ideas and desires. Appeal to the nobler motives. Dramatize your ideas to make them unforgettable and convincing. Throw down a challenge, something for the other person to live up to. This appeals to the ego and desire to be important.  A leader's job includes changing people's attitudes and behavior. Here is how to be a leader in a nutshell. Always begin with praise and honest appreciation. Call attention to people's mistakes indirectly and very discreetly. Talk about your own mistakes before criticizing the other person. Ask questions instead of giving direct orders. Let the other person save face, give them a way out. Praise the slightest improvement and praise every improvement. Be hearty in your approbation and lavish in your praise. Give the other person a fine reputation to live up to. Use encouragement to get results. Make any fault seem easy to correct. Make the other person happy about doing the thing you suggest.  This is an excellent book within the realm of learning, developing, and using people skills. So many of us lack this level of tact and finesse, most of us would do well to read this book and put its principles into action. I believe all readers will get the money spent on this book back a thousand times over in the value it adds to your life if you put these principles in action and refer back to it before important conversations take place in your life. I give this book five stars and two thumbs up.
One of the best books I've read.  A lot of wisdom here ... it just needs to be read taking account for a 1930s perspective.  I avoided it for years as I found the title unappealing.  Perhaps "Master Dealing With People - Fundamental Proven Methods" would be more accurate but, admittedly, not very catchy.
This book has to be read several times and a serious and critical understanding is needed. This book is a combination of human psychology and HR management.
Incredible book! I’ve owned several copies, in different mediums. I purchased copies for my kids. I love audible! I wish there was a way to trade in other audio formats for a discounted audible copy.
I enjoyed the book.  It started out strong.  It contains good communication advice throughout.  Once I got about 50% through the book I realized that the stories were becoming a bit repetitive.  The formula is simple: offer a 1 sentence piece of advice.  Spend a paragraph or two expounding upon the principle.  Then, the next 5 pages relaying stories of individuals who applied this principle and the results they attained.  Again, I rated this book 4 stars.  I enjoyed it.  I would recommend it.  I simply found myself skimming ahead during the final 1/4 of the book.
Perfect book to help you learn to communicate better.  Highly recommend.  I re-read this monthly.
meh
Fantastic book.  It's been recommended to me before, but for some reason I never picked it up.  I wish I had read this 20 years ago.  I enjoy the style.  This book is very easy to read.  I will probably read this over and over many times.  This is one of those books you should refer back to consistently to remind yourself of some very basic, yet overlooked, principles that deeply affect relationships.
I am currently half way through the book. And I must say the principles in the book is really helpful to me in my daily life. Each chapter has a bunch of real life incidents that the author has heard of or experienced. I think it is a perfect way to learn from others' life experiences. The author has clearly descirbed of how things can get better by applying the principles mentioned. At the end of every chapter there is a quick recap of the principles from previous chapters. Great Book. Must buy!
The principles outlined in this amazing book are miracles! The author demonstrations the principles through stories directly related to the concept being discussed. As a result, this book is fun to read and was difficult to put-down. The lessons learned will stay with you for years and definitely will allow one to improve all relationships, whether they be, personal or professional friendships, interactions with children or discussions with sales prospects. It is a treasure that should be your constant companion. I highly recommend this book to everyone, who wants to master personal and professional relationships!
This book provides easy to understand, tried-and-true practices for dealing with people more effectively in a variety of situations. Throughout the course of this book I was able to tell a difference in my own personal life with personal as well as business connections.
This book's point is basically that if you treat people with respect and consideration, they'll be much more likely to like you and to see your viewpoint.  It goes on to both outline and detail exactly how do do this, providing many examples.  As Mr. Carnegie says, practicing the guidelines spelled out in the book won't mean everyone will like you and agree with you, but they will vastly improve the chances that people will like you and agree with you.  I really liked this book because not only is it dead-on accurate when it comes to improving the rate of positive interaction with people, it's an interesting read.  I expected to skim through it and glean off the main points, but I ended up reading it from cover to cover.
I am 16 years old and my parents bought me “How to Win Friends & Influence People”.  When they first gave it to me, I honestly thought it was stupid. Why would I need a book telling me how to win friends when I already have friends?  That is not what this book was about, at least not to me.  It turned out to be much more than I expected.  Things like just a smile on your face and a positive attitude can turn yours and someone else’s day around.  I mean, yeah, you have probably heard that a million times, but Dale Carnegie tells stories.  He tells stories of personal experiences and others stories as well to show you how these little tips are applied in everyday life and the difference they actually make.  Dale talks about being genuinely interested in other people.  Honestly, how many of us enjoy talking about ourselves?  Sometimes listening can be a hard thing to do, especially when you want to gloat about something or an accomplishment you have had.  It is true for everyone, not just me because I am a “self absorbed teenager.”  This book really opened my eyes to things that everyone does, but more importantly things that I do and have never really thought about before.  I recommend this book to anyone who is looking to make a little self-improvement.  Everyone could find something useful out of this book, regardless of age or gender.  At a minimum, this book may provide you with a deeper view of how you interact with others. Maybe you will find there are a couple things you want to change.
I have only read to chapter 2 so far but wow. Just in those first 30 pages there is so much knowledge about dealing with people. I am glad I bought this book, it is honestly underpriced because it's much more valuable than what Amazon sells it for. If you're on the fence about buying this book, BUY IT. There is no way you can't learn atleast one concept in this book, apply it to your reality and witness how it enriches your life. I am 22 and in my senior year of college but I wish I read this 4 years ago when I graduated high school. It would've made a difference in how I dealt with certain people. Don't wish you had already read this in the future when you can read it NOW. I'd recommend this book to anybody and everybody.
I feel bad doing some of these things to people. But an interesting read.
This book is amazing. The audiobook whispersync on my iPhone kindle is great. The narration for this book is wonderful. I listen to it during my commute to work and it helps put me in the right frame of mind to interact with other humans successfully.  I think this is one of the essential business books to read. I read it several times. The first time many years ago it didn't sink in. It is important to view it as part of a life long strategy of success -- both in the workplace and out of the workplace.  I am finishing up the Dale Carnegie course in public speaking and this is an essential part. If you get the right instructor it can be a great experience! ...and a lot of work :)
Great principles for leadership.  The basic message can be summed up with two words: Be nice.  The material is a little dated, but it is a classic.  I recommend works by Simon Sinek and John Maxwell for a more modern guide to leadership.
I bought this for my husband who loves reading about the mind and is always trying to better himself. He learned a lot! He's actually been a lot sweeter to me and is having more luck dealing with difficult coworkers thanks to this book. However, a lot of tactics utilized involve manipulation to form shallow friendships, which may bother some people.
I ordered the book that was titled (as from my invoice and from other reviewers here)  "How to Win Friends & Influence People: The Only Book You Need to Lead You to Success"  I bought this as a groomsmen gift, and feel very misled. NO mention of it being a tiny version, smaller than one's palm. I want my money back; this is absurd. I quite literally had my jaw drop to the floor as I opened the package (that made it seem like a full book - big package, small book inside) and found this atrocity within.  This accurately describes my feelings: "There was no mention of the book being the miniature version unless you carefully read the descriptions. They have since changed the name of the item to include the miniature description but I felt like I was purposely deceived. This was not included in the cover of the book, the photo of the book, or the item name when I bought the book. The book is just bullet point highlights of the original book and it is not good for anything but a novelty item."
This book is great for all ages but especially Teens and Young Adults. They need to know what is in this book. Teaches about life, quality of life, and the integrity that people should have. Phenomenal book. I started off with one and now have ordered over 15 just to give to friends/fam/people I know. Awesome Book!
This book give great insight into human relations. I have learnt many lessons  from this book that I was able to use at work, home and with friends as well as my own business. Please buy, you'll see why.
This is one of these rare books, where one does not even know how to begin writing a review for. This book provides content about handling people, influencing people by making them like you and win them to your way of thinking and ultimately lead them. What I like about this book particularly are, first, it is very direct. The concepts are laid out in a very concise, precise and simple manner. Second they are supported by an onslaught of examples both from history and the author's personal experience. Finally what takes this book to another level are the unlimited applications of the principles presented: in one's personal life, professional career etc. This book will definitely be one of my staples go to books on people skills for the years to come and my top recommended reading. I am looking forward to read Dale's other work. If you are still reading, please go read this book!
I have a 24 year old boy finishing up college who just discovered and loves this. Carnegie is concrete and full of encouragement as he gives the reader skills and the confidence with which to begin practicing them. Obviously the substance of these books has not gone out of date although I see offshoots of his teachings in different wrappings being advertised for lots of money. Good reading if you have the desire and discipline to improve yourself.
This book is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING and should be a must read for any advisor/consultant/customer service person.  Throughout the book, Dale gives so many great examples where elements of influence work to better a situation or how it may be flipped to your advantage.  This is the ultimate guide on how perception is greater than reality in most social interactions and how we can influence through human relations principles.  This will be "that book" that I can always go back to and learn something new each time!
Everyone needs to read this book.  In this technology day and age, people have strayed away from the truly positive human connections intricately described by Carnegie.  I give a copy to all my mentees and I only wish this was required reading when I was in high school.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a more nicer version of "48 Laws of Power".  It is full of helpful insights about how to get along with others and make friends (avoiding arguments, smiling, making others feel important, learning what interest others, actively listening, not criticizing others, allowing others to believe they are correct when they aren't, etc). It basically covers all of the basic skills that you learned as a child, and that your parents taught you, but over the years have chosen not to follow for whatever reason.  This book is pure common sense knowledge, and yes by following these rules you may win friends, but you may also loose something as well...."Yourself", by trying too hard to please others.  In conclusion, this is a good self help book for dealing with colleagues, and new aqcuaintances.
Spectacularly written. I love Dale Carnegie's writing style of old English roots and just genuine authenticity. I love how through the entire book he validates his reasons for telling you the best ways to accomplish the set goals because people before of success has used them al.  'As Dr. Johnson said: "God himself, sir, does not propose to judge man until the end of his days." Why should you and I?'  I have to stop almost every page and write a quote down and now, my door is COVORED in post-it notes. I can never get out of it because I stop and read them every time.
I've always wondered why some people have the skills to talk to anyone and I always thought that some people are just born with it.  Then a friend told me to check out this book.  I've always been nervous about being in public and talking to anyone.  Then i got this book, and i now, suddenly the whole world just seems that much easier to navigate through.  At 33, i'm learning a few tricks that i thought were only for those fortunate enough to grow up with speaking skills.  I love this book and recommend it to everyone, whether you already possess the skills or not.  What i love about the book is that, there are so many skills that we take for granted, but after reading this book, i feel like i'm in control of my own social environment.  People come flocking to me, more than i ever thought was possible.  I believe that if everyone could take a few ideas from this book, the world would be a more open and friendlier place to be.  I used to wonder why i wasn't having fun meeting people, or why friendly people didn't come talk to me, then this book opened my eyes to my error.  It's about putting myself out there to meet people and having ways to get people to open up to me, then the domino effect happens and after a few weeks, i couldn't keep up with all the people that wanted to talk to me.  In a world where more conversations are happening virtually, this book reminds us that it's fairly easy to make real connection in the real world.
It's useful. Sometimes boring to read and go over the same topics over over and over again, just with a different story to back it up.
As a bartender I thought I should read this book that it might help me make more money at work, and what do you know, It did help me make more money at work.  The lessons in this book go beyond it's success in helping to inflate my bank account.  I've become a better job interview, a better public speaker, and it even helped me with remembering people's names which can be a nightmare for a bartender.  Some of the information in this book is outdated but don't let that discourage you, it's still a valuable read.
This is one of the best books one can ever read to learn how to be influential with others. Whether you're young and wanting to move forward in life, develop new friends, move up in your work place, in sales, in teaching, speaking... this book will teach you everything you'll ever need to know to be a success when in comes to developing relationships with others.
Fifty years ago this book changed my business life which help make my career more successful. Even though the examples go back to the twenties and thirties, the concepts are still valid. A friend suggested I read the book he loaned me for which I was ever grateful and I recommend to anyone having trouble with their boss or coworkers to read this book. It can be a game changer if its principles are put into practice.
I loved how the book, although it was written many years ago, uses central ideas that we all already know and expands on their importances. It explains how common norms, values, and beliefs can be used in your daily life and business in order to bring you success and better yourself. Reading this book has honestly changed the way I think about myself and how I conduct my business amongst others. I've learned to focus more on how others feel and think in order to more cooperative with other people and find a common goal. This book can be understood by anyone and the principles should be applied to everyone's life.
This is one of those books that everyone has heard of, many people have made fun of and few have actually read.  Like the Atkins Diet, many people took a few things that they heard from someone who heard from someone else and declared "This is the truth of this book."  After all, how many of us have the time to really sit down and read a book, especially one we know we really should read.  We tell ourselves, "Yeah, but..." I don't have time, my boss just doesn't understand, I'm just shy, or the world isn't fair.  These are the excuses we use that stand in our way.  Yes, you might be shy, you might have a fear of public speaking (and that is one of the most common phobia's) or you might just be scared.  What if one book could help you overcome that?  Help you become a better communicator?  And, help you make friends.  Not that this is easy.  Dale never said it would be.  But, if it was easy, everyone would do it.  This book can help you, just as the title promises.  After all, no-one truly believes they are a bad person, just as everyone wants to feel important and appreciated.  This book can help you with that.  This can make you a better teacher, parent, manager, salesperson or even help you get that promotion you truly do deserve.
I have had this book on my nightstand for almost 20 years. I'm always in some state of reading it.  The principles in this book are truly life-changing.  They piggyback on "golden rule" principles and state common sense suggestions that, unfortunately, are not that common.  I started reading this when I was a young salesman right out of college, and I was shocked when I discovered how bad I was at dealing with people.  It was then and there that I decided to try to implement the principles in my life one by one, and that began a journey that impacted my life in a significant way. I feel very fulfilled in my current position -- which involves dealing with people all day, every day -- but the most satisfying part of this whole journey is that it's made me a better person.  Don't misunderstand me; reading this book will not make you a better person, but a commitment to implement the principles into your life will.  So, here I go, ordering yet another copy for someone I care about...
I think everyone should a copy of this book.  To improve relationship with people.  I wished I would've read it alot better however I'm excited to apply these principles moving forward.
Whenever I meet someone who seems bright, has a joy for life, has all the ingredients for success ... but they're a crashing bore and/or they're just plain irritating ... I give them this book.  I really and truly think that giving away this book can make a positive difference for the world.  All of my kids, nieces, nephews, grand-cousins, etc, received this book upon their high school graduation.  Simply put, it's one of the most powerful books ever written.  Don't just buy it for yourself.  Give it as a gift to others.
This book is similar to many other self-help books I've read in that they rely primarily on anecdotes. That being said, this isn't like "The Power of Positive Thinking." This book is an easy and fast read. The principles this book puts forth can be immediately put into action with everyone around us.  Anecdote: While reading this I was able to finally get my ex-gf who had ignored me for weeks to finally speak with me. I didn't mend our relationship but it did allow us both to walk away without animosity toward one another. It gave me the closure I sought and I'm not sure it would've been possible had I not been brought out of my bit of depression by reading this book.  Highly recommend.
You have to remember this book was written in 1936, The pretentious language is, by today's standards is over-the-top. That said, the stories are, corrected for the time warp, quite interesting. If you can put up with the 1920s  bombast it is fun to read and on target in the general human relations advice. The shortest distance in human relations is not a straight line, in the 1920s or today..
I read through this book in about four days, because it was not just informative but exciting as well. Written decades ago, this book still is able to teach practical lessons for everyday use. In no way is it a miracle book that promises success when following the tactics within, even though at times it felt like that while reading. Carnegie states numerous times that although we won't face success each time using these methods, we will most likely see a vast improvement in our relations with other people and what results in those experiences. Give this book a try, and you probably won't be disappointed.
In my high school days when I was a budding pseudo-intellectual already reading J.D. Salinger and John Updike, I might have been voted "Boy Least Likely to Read How To Win Friends and Influence People."  Our class of 1965 valedictorian, by virtue of her 4.0 GPA, read the popular self-help book in Mrs. Thorpe's senior English seminar, and told us it was all about putting up a façade and becoming a phony.  God forbid any of us Catcher in the Rye-carrying members of the Sixties Generation would want to be labeled a phony.  As a result, I avoided the Carnegie book for 50 years while taking pride in reading New Yorker certified intellectuals and literary writers.  A lot of their books were deadly dull and many were not anything like readable.  But when I used to buy them at bookstores in Santa Monica, they impressed the hell out of the clerks.  Of course, sometimes I slipped off the literary wagon and read Stephen King, John D. MacDonald or Elmore Leonard.  But I never stooped to a book that might get me labeled a phony.  Until a few weeks ago.  Burned out from reading about the unhappy alcoholic life of literary luminary John Cheever, I spotted a Facebook link to an unlikely essay that struck me as possible antidote for my pseudo intellectual dilemma.  How a Dead Man's Copy of Dale Carnegie Saved My Rock Band and Changed My Life by Joshua Parkinson didn't change my life but it did change my perspective.  Perhaps temporarily.  Perhaps not.  Some time ago in Germany, Parkinson read "Don’t criticize, condemn or complain" in the opening pages of How to Win Friends and the proverbial scales fell from his eyes.  Although he is not a perfect practitioner of Carnegie's method (it turns out Dale wasn't either and didn't expect any of his readers to be), Parkinson managed to move on from his rock and roll fantasies into a real world working life.  I was impressed enough to buy the $2.99 Kindle version of the original 1930s self-help book.  Reading the first chapter of Dale Carnegie’s How to Win Friends and Influence People, it dawns on me that there are two ways to live this life.  You can go The New Yorker intellectual route and read weighty tomes written by a bitter, angry, paranoid, authors like John Cheever.  Or you can follow the Dale Carnegie mold and without being a perfectionist repeat his mantra: “Don’t criticize, condemn or complain.”  It’s a choice.  But looking at Cheever's mostly hideous daily life, it is hard to see his choice as something even a pseudo-intellectual like me would want to emulate.  It would be pretty to think that Cheever was an unhappy exception but I've read enough biographies of 20th Century literary authors --Dorothy Parker, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Sylvia Plath et al -- to know that Cheever was closer to the rule.  The question that begs to be asked is this: if these literary lions were so smart, why weren't they happy?  From what I've read so far, the Carnegie philosophy doesn't seem very sophisticated by New Yorker standards.  He loves Abraham Lincoln as eulogized by Secretary of War Edwin Stanton: “There lies the most perfect ruler of men that the world has ever seen.”  In making a point about not being judgmental, Carnegie reminds us:  "... when Mrs. Lincoln and others spoke harshly of the southern people, Lincoln replied: 'Don’t criticize them; they are just what we would be under similar circumstances.'”  Carnegie's philosophy of life owed a lot to America's secular saint and as a Lincoln buff myself, his Abe-isms resonate with me.  Dale Carnegie seems to have started off running adult education public speaking programs for engineers and sales people.  But my guess is that those engineers and sales reps who applied Carnegie’s lessons, however imperfectly, lived happier lives than the sophisticated writers and intellectuals of their times.  Odd as it may seem, the vacuum cleaner salesman at Sears may have a better understanding of life than the author of this year's literary sensation.
How to win friends and influence people is a book that brings the real you out to face you and your fears whatever they may be... This book is shallow and deep at the same time... Having read this book many times, at least once a year...it feels like Dale has some how added something that I didn't seen before... This is a book of books!
This book is a great introduction to the fundamentals of dealing with people positively. There are some parts that I would disagree with. The main thing that bothered me was that Dale wants the reader to repeat to themselves that their happiness and popularity all depend on the ability to deal with people. I do not personally think  this is true and popularity doesn't matter if you aren't happy anyway. Also the constant avoidance of conflict could result in repression and being a "nice guy".   There is some obvious but really good stuff in this book however and it will be helpful to those that are quite lost as to how to deal with others. Good for work relationships and being a good salesman, not so much for genuine friendships IMO
When I read that this classic had been updated for the new millennium, I was a little surprised as I remembered it from years ago as being completely ageless.  But, I hadn't read it in a number of years and felt that a new read would be beneficial.  The "updated" version that I bought was not at all updated.  In fact, I was surprised at how "dated" the examples in the book were.  They could definitely have used some current examples of their timeless advice ... even for a septuagenarian like myself.  The book is classic and the delivery to my Kindle was flawless.
By practicing the advise in each of the chapters for a week each and then reflecting on how it has impacted your life and the life of others around you,  habits can be formed that will stay with you for the rest of your life.  The positive habits and perspectives formed will improve your own life,  the lives of your family members and the lives of those who you come in contact with.  If you do decide to read this book, be ready to take the time to practice the advice given.  If someone asks me what is the best book I have read,  this is always at the top of my list.  I reread or re-listen to it every few years.
First published in 1939 this book provides countless stories of famous people who changed their ways for the better. I have the electronic copy and the dog eared hard copy to reinforce myself when I start to slip. Worth every penny of the investment. And a great gift for those who need a gentle push.
This classic self-improvement book could do with an update. It's basic themes are timeless but the illustrative examples are out of date. Having said that, the book underscores the importance of assessing the personality of those you deal with and reinforce their positives while under-emphasizing your own. After all, people react best to praise and positive reinforcement, and this is the main take away of this book.
It's a good book, but I think others have copied it to the point that it was old news by the time I read it. But, if this is your first self-help book, then it should be good.
Book Review by Nick Nazzaro How to Win Friends and Influence People By Dale Carnegie  Who could have imagined that a book written in 1936 could still be so relevant today!  Dale Carnegie’s How to Win Friends and Influence People is a must read for anyone who wants to better understand human nature and learn the keys to success in dealing with people.  This book is invaluable to everyone, because it makes as much sense in your business life as it does in your personal and family life.   One of the things that make this book so powerful is the fact that every piece of advice Carnegie offers is supported with real life examples.  These help the reader digest and more deeply understand his key points.  Carnegie offers solid advice in several areas.  First, he provides fundamental techniques in handling people. These techniques include giving honest, sincere appreciation to others, and not criticizing or complaining about them. Second, he talks about ways to make people like you. Things as simple as smiling and making the other person feel important can help accomplish this. Third, he gives strategies to help persuade people into your way of thinking. This is helped by being sympathetic to the other person’s ideas and desires and immediately admitting if you are wrong.  And finally, he teaches you key principles of leadership.  It is important to ask questions instead of giving orders, and generously use encouragement so a persons’ fault would seem easy to correct.  This is a self-improvement book but it doesn’t feel like it.  The book keeps you engaged because it is compilation of interesting stories.  You will learn how President Lincoln motivated his generals during the Civil War by effectively communicating with them.  You will even learn how Mr. Carnegie himself avoided trouble with the law while walking his dog in the park. These stories support the points Carnegie is making, but they are extremely memorable.  You will find yourself nodding your head and smiling as you absorb these stories.  How to Win Friends and Influence People is a very easy read.  Carnegie writes in a way that leaves you wanting more. He uses simple language, and writes in a down to earth way.  “You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.”  His advice just makes sense. “Talk to someone about themselves and they'll listen for hours.”  Before you know it, chapter after chapter goes by and you’ve read more than you thought you would.  I consider this book a guide to life.  It had a profound effect on me, and it is not something I will forget two weeks after reading it. Rather, I will take these strategies and techniques with me, and apply them to my people interactions for a lifetime.  I’m confident this book will have a similar impact on you!
Some may say this points out the obvious but it is worth reading. Numerous examples are given how situations could be handled. Also address the ramifications of poorly handled situations. Don’t fall into the trap of thinking that this is an old-fashioned way of interacting with people. There is an updated version that I am looking forward to reading.
Basically, kiss everyone’s a** and suggest different ways to execute their great ideas. Had some good stories, but not very enlightening.
This book is so impactful! It completely helped my communication, friendships, and professional relationships SO much I reccomend it to everyone. It is so simple in theory, but sometimes it takes reading the obvious to really "get it." After reading this book I became more effective at work, a better friend, and closer with my family. You will become more patient, and it makes having a positive outlook easy on even the most stressful of days. Excellent read!
Too Small!  This is not an anniversary edition! This is a dollhouse edition! Don't buy it!
This book has changed my whole way of thinking. I'm 48 and wish I would have read it years ago. I've learned so much about how to handle people and how to change my way of thinking from this book. I took notes and the notes are nearly as long as the entire book!
The whole book makes so much sense. If everybody operated and behaved the way Carnegie proposes people ought to operate, our world would be a much better place than it is. Our world would be so far superior to what it is right now that it would not even be recognizable. I would pay good money to be able to operate the way Carnegie proposes people out to behave. I can only hope to become more like this book's example by reviewing the book repeatedly. I recommend this book to every human being!
I've heard about this book from friends and teachers at school. So I got it. At first reading the first pages, I didn't really get it but after reading chapter 1 completely and I began go read chapter 2 it made more sense. I like the way Dale describes the ideas with stories that relate. Much cam be learnt and applied to in one's life . To better understand oneself and others whether in business, family and friends.
A must have for anyone looking to enhance their sales skills and become an effective communicator.  It should be taught to everyone before they graduate from any business school.
I had to struggle to finish this book. It is unfortunate that the author did not know how to convey his message without filling the book with repeated sentences, obvious and sometimes completely unbelievable advice such as saying to someone you disagree with sentences such as "I'm often wrong". Some points were good, but mostly it felt like the author inserted too many examples in each section, and towards the end of the book many repetitions, only in order to give more "meat" to the book and make it longer to appear more authorative. Overall a disappointment since I feel I benefited very little from reading the book.
I recommend this book to everyone. In fact the audiobook is great also. Great reader.  I've actually my copies of this book to people several times. Read and listened through several times. I can refer to it often, and while no book in this category should be the LAST WORD on anything.. it's hugely insightful and applicable to most every situation. If you like this, humor me and read The Four Agreements. I've given twice as many copies of it away as i have Carnegie's book.
To me this is already common sense in how to treat people. However, we are in an age where things like this are thrown under a bus in favor of zero sum thinking.  Sad really.
You can tell it has some dates references but the psychology of how to influence others and warm up others you find difficult to get along with is really helpful. I tried a couple of strategies on my boss (to reduce trivial things from my workload I talked to her about how it would benefit her) and my partner (to motivate him to finish his essay I created a simple competition between us to see who could go x amount of days by doing y every day). I have to say that in practice the strategies I’ve tried have worked. I mean, some of it may sound like common sense but it’s stuff I haven’t really thought about before. I also generally liked the examples he gave of his past course participants, although a lot of it is business/business-man focussed, it help to illustrate his advice and helps me remember a lot of these strategies. Not too bad for something that was written years ago.
I just finished reading Dale Carnegie's masterpiece and I would highly recommend it to anyone. The greatest strength of this book is that it can work for anyone, as long as the apply the principles laid out neatly in this book. The principles themselves are straightforward and elaborated with tons of fantastic examples garnered from both the rich and famous and more ordinary people. Another benefit is that using these techniques will improve the quality of your life and that of those around you, it is truly of a work free of Machiavellian backstabbing. My only recommendation other than owning a copy and studying it profusely, is that you take it slowly and work on each individual principle across a greater time span. Applying and practicing each principle before moving on.
Amazing book. I wish this book could be used in most Universities so the 'kids' could have intelligent debates with one another again in this country without riots like at Berkley as we all know. All in all it teaches you how to deal with people (not just the ones who thinks like you) and how to make your point  without stress and/ or burning bridges. The focus is not always on what you want but what someone else wants. Well I am still not so articulate that I could really express what this book is really about. But I can say since I read it, I could handle difficult conversations in a way that takes me closer to solutions rather than making problems bigger. I have better relationship with co-workers in a busy ER and my relationship with my 8 yrs old daughter improved after I followed the book advice. It was a book that I was looking for years and I finally found it !!!!
I enjoyed this book and the Dale Carnegie influences on how to deal with people. He had some key points that you can apply to everyday business and personal. I just felt a little undewhelmed of his book especially after just came from reading Think and Grow Rich. I would say it would be good for a second read, probably listen to it on audible next.
It seems like everything in these types of books are common sense. That might be true, but common sense isn't so common. And not all of us are born with the natural ability to influence people. More and more people in today's society are social introverts when it comes to face to face interactions. This is a great tool to help he introvert break out of their shell and interact better. And the world would be a better place if we treated each other like the book teaches.
I can see why this book this a classic. The overall arching theme is "don't be a jerk, be a nice guy/gal." A very simple message, yet so true. And although it's such a simple message, its a message that really resonates with the reader and turns on a light bulb. For example, we all know that smiles are friendly - "duh, I don't need a book to tell me that!" But, really, how often do you throw a stranger a smile? Why should we smile at everyone? Carnegie has definitely challenged my personal philosophies, AND my behaviors to reflect those philosophies.  The one and ONLY complaint, which is not reflective of Carnegie and not really much of a complaint, is that the book I received was published in 1940; the binding was falling apart and the cover had to taped on to prevent it from falling off before I even started reading.
Somethings are common sense but sometimes being reminded of something as simple as the dynamics of establishing friendships and making people genuinely like you in response to your equally genuine behaviors is extremely helpful and refreshing.  It was an easy read too, I read the entire book in 4 days! A++++
Not useful
This is the book that's stood the test of time very well - 80 years plus, with numerous re-prints! The best advise of all of today's self-help books, with the exception of the Bible, can be found here.  After the Bible, this is probably the best life advice anyone will find. Try it - you will definitely see for yourself.
Even if you think you've got it all figured out, this book is a great remedial course for you, I think. I did not have it all worked out, so this book is great and I"v heard it's a classic. As a classic, it's kind of amusing because most examples and references reference people and situations of the turn of the (20th) century. I had to do additional research if I wanted to understand just who these people in the book were at times. Was recommended to me by a friend who is a very successful executive. Glad I purchased it!
I have known about this book for a long time, but I did not purchase it until my college professor strongly recommended it. Now that I read the book, I completely understand why it is considered a "classic".  If you want more productive relationships, read this book. I have read hundreds of business books, and I now put this in my top ten list.
This is an easy read about how to deal with people overall. I enjoyed reading this book. It really is no news but good reminder of how to be reasonable and not be hated for it. I like that it summarizes every chapter with a quote, at the end of the "lesson". This book teaches with lots of examples and different scenarios to help the reader understand.
This book has a lot of real life situations and solutions for any type of work environment you may be in. I dont think it matters what youre job is, this book will have great advice on how to actually enjoy the work you do. And is exceptionally a good read for anyone who is in a position where they have to manage employees or outcomes.
Tons of great advice. Some is just common sense, but many of us fail to use common sense sometimes. I think this book could be helpful to families and on the job. Heck, I think it could be beneficial to pretty much everyone.
so I wont, just to say no matter what profession your in, or if your a student, you owe it to yourself to read this book. it will help you realize so many things about yourself that will shock you in the fact you haven't realized them earlier.  Follow his instructions to get the most out of this book. grab a notebook while reading & make a notepad on your phone dedicated to writing down real life situations like he suggests.  This book has helped me immensely and will you to I'm sure of it
I first read this book in the fourth grade. I was just the kind of kid to see the book, read the title and wonder what it had to say. I am 5 times the age I was back then and have never forgotten the tools given within it's pages. I recently purchased two more copies for my #6 son who is going off to college in the Fall. I figured he could use the tools, too. What does he do? Handed it right back to me: "no thanks, mom. I don't like to read." Methinks it was good I read and re-read this book over the years because me immediate comment to him would not have won his friendship or influenced him in a positive way. (Going to college and doesn't like to read..?) Ehhhhhhhhh-niewayz, I will resort to plan B and make a reader-share kind of evening with him and my #7 son a half-chapter at a time. This book is that important. Especially in the American sector of the world right now --- our younger generations would do well to see the other side of communication and put aside the trendy notion of the "I-want-and-need-it-right-now-and-don't-care-about-anyone-else" thinking style of today.
This book changed my life.  I didn't expect that, and I didn't expect to enjoy the book.  I received mine for free, at a lecture on a completely different subject where the lecturer asked "who hasn't read this".  I raised my hand first, and was given the book.  Wow.  It's filled with great ideas on how to interact with other people ... in ways that can best be described as "win-win".  Get it.  Read it.  Try it.
This is a must-read book. It’s fun and practical. Read each lesson twice as recommended by Dale and highlight what most interests you. You will be preparing your next high-stakes conversations based on these teachings without even finishing the book and you’ll see change immediately. You won’t want to stop reading it. 100% recommended.
There have been some reviews that people said the information was outdated or that the methods listed would make you come of as insincere or 'fake'. However, that is address in one of the early chapters. Firstly, as the title itself states, these are methods to influence others. You are trying to accomplish something, usually with a difficult or otherwise discontented person. Secondly, the author explains that these methods should be used with sincerity! There is nothing wrong with smiling at or complimenting someone having a bad day! In fact, they are far more effective when used as such!  I can tell you that I employed many of these in my day to day life and you would be amazed at how effective and useful they really can be. Try it and see for yourself.
I have throughly enjoyed reading this book.  The author really explains the way your language to yourself and to others help to create the way people treat you or themselves.  I would recommend this to anyone in business or has to deal with people in their day to day affairs.  Just a few pages of this book and I realized that I need to have others feel important, because they are important, and when they feel that way, they will go out of their way to help you.  In our society today, we all think about "me".  This book teaches you to think about them to help the "me" get what they need.
This is a wonderful book that every one should read. It is a how to manual for the way a person should interact with other people. It teaches a person to get what ever they desire in life. It teaches you how to get friends, jobs, and even free stuff and discounts. It is laid out in a way that is easy to read and follow. Even a high school student could read it and retain it's information. A business executive could benefit and every one in between. Every one should read this book.
In this book, Carnegie offers some basic principles to effectively communicate, and influence people. The author supports the effectiveness of these principles through pragmatic examples. He relates short stories of his students and friends who applied these principles and discusses the results. The author presents some useful notions of psychology that can help teenagers and young adults improve their personal and business relationships. Become a better leader by learning and applying these nine principles.
I have been purchasing these to give to my nieces and nephews when they are graduating from college to give them something to think about.  The philosophies in the book have helped me in life
A life changing read.  It outlines principles on how to properly treat people and not be an unbearable, abrasive soul.  I find myself recalling its lessons in everyday life while I’m interacting with others.  Strangely useful advice.
No matter your role this is valuable information that can not only make each reader better but improve the environment they are in - no matter the circumstances
I bought this for a college course, but ended up liking it so much I kept it. I good one to review and/or read over and over. Practical advice and application.
Don't let the title confuse you. This book was a great read for this introvert. It has helped me in my job role.
Dale Carnegie suggests that you continue referencing this work in order to aid you in "winning friends and influencing people."  Perhaps that's the secret to this book's decades-long success.  Although dated, the rules outlined in each chapter have helped me in establishing an overall improved persona when interacting with others.  I've done this by committing them all to memory and reciting them as a mantra on a daily basis.  It is said that what you put out into the universe is returned to you three fold.  These rules have helped me to see the best of that.
I purchased this audio book during my first corporate job and listened to it on my 1 hour commute to and from work.  It was a great read and learned many valuable lessons.  Being my first corporate job, I was able to use this audio book to practice the skills I learned and it was a huge value in helping me develop my leadership skills.  Ranks right up there with some of the best books I've read or listened too. Reminds me of Jason Stones book, The Millionaire Mentor, Limited Edition.  Highly recommended!
Very practical and extremely easy to apply each principal . I’d recommend it for sure. Not only to be read once but to be studied and applied as the author suggests
Read this book. It is everything it is hyped up to be. Using its principles which are basically using the Golden Rule to get your way, has changed my life. I was unemployed, desperate for a new job when I found this book. Immediately after reading, I received an email from a prince in a middle eastern country telling me that all I needed to do was give him my credit card information and he would send me riches beyond my wildest dreams. Coincidence? I think not. Now I am just waiting for the funds to be deposited so I can begin bathing in the tears of my haters.
Best book ever and the hardbound is very nice.  I ordered 5 in one order, and got 3 with the same cover, and 2 with different covers (although the same book).  Kinda weird that happened, but since different people were getting them as gifts it didn't matter much.
This book is one of the best sellilng books of all time and for good reason.  I know that this book was written for sales techniques, but the universal concepts taught are helpful over time.  I would recommend this to anyone who feels that they may need help socially or in negotiating relationships.  There are rules taught...that I don't think are obvious to all.
This is probably one of the best, most helpful self-help books I've ever read, I'm buying it for my brother for Christmas. The somewhat old style language(this book was originally written over 100 years ago and has just been slightly updated over time) is entertaining with lots of great narrative. Straightforward concepts that you probably didn't know you knew well outlined so it's easy to put them into practice. I absolutely love this book and will certainly refer back to it well after I've finished reading it.
The content of this book does not go out of date as it is based on human nature and even in our connected world at the core we are still dealing with individuals.  Some of the ideas are basic but are worth learning and reviewing as in going about our daily lives it is the type of stuff we forget.  The two biggest points for me in this book are the importance of listening and the other part I really like and reflect on is to not tell people they are wrong.  There are probably some better books for the modern world but if you have not read this classic it is certainly worth the time to do so.
My dad who is 100 years old on sept 17 ..loves this book..he has lived his life by Dale Carnegie’s standards
I enjoyed the book, and highlighted sections. When I started section 4, I noticed there was an issue with the pages. Pages 165-192 were repeated. Section 4 started on page 193 and you can see from my image that section 4 is missing from the book.  Unfortunately the amazon return options aren’t going to work for me as I would have to return my highlighted copy. This is an error on the book binding company and not sure if this is just a one off error or if a common error w the run of this edition.
I bought this book based on the PMBA recommended reading list - [...]  Dale's stories are wonderful and engaging.  As other reviews have stated, he provides a wealth of tips on how to live your life and influence others.  I especially like the tip on criticizing others.  He succinctly describes how it is futile to criticize people and expect them to do something for you and continue to behave in a highly productive manner.  He uses anecdotes of Lincoln making this mistake.  I could go on about other great tips such as how people yearn to feel important and the managers should assign tasks with that in mind.  Great book.  I'm glad my Kindle2 allows me to highlight all the good quotes for later review.
Major wisdom in this easy-to-read classic. The principles in this book are so obvious, but take a lot of effort to incorporate into your daily life because they require changing your perspective from how you are feeling to how other people are feeling. I read this book several years ago and still think about it almost every day. I used to be known for my short temper. Now I'm known for my positive working relationships. Highly recommend.
This is a great read, I recommend it to everyone as a means to reflect upon themselves, not as a tool to learn how to make friends and influence people. This book will make you think about how you work, speak, act and will give you some insight into the psychology behind it all. It will make you better at sales, if that is your field. You will take many things away from this book, and reading it yearly will surprise you in how you have changed as well as discovering new aspects of your life you can apply what you have learned.
This book changed my entire way of working with the people around me. Every time I finish reading it, I begin again — I have read it five times now. I own it in hardcopy, kindle, and as an audiobook. Schools should stop making kids read the Great Gatsby and start having them read this — not to mention the teachers and staff who could benefit from the same material!
One of the best books of all time.  I would give this book to every teenager I know... I haven't read this in 40 years, but I bought it to have one on hand. I will say this about it, though.  I once waited an entire day at a government office, and, with only this book in hand, I had a wonderful day in that office, made many friends there, and even had the person who I was working with completely on my side by the middle of the day, which was incredible considering that she was apathetic, almost catatonic, when I first met her. By the end of the afternoon, she would have gone through fire to help me. That is the power of this book, which anyone can harness, if they have the wisdom to use it.
It helped me to realize some undesirable/negative things about myself. Things that no one really tells you to your face but likely think and say about you behind your back...lol. But it's up to you to recognize it in yourself so you can correct it. Book is great for business owners... it was a business coach who recommended this book to me.
There's been thousands of reviews written for this.  It was a good read, but quite repetitive, and just a re-hash of topics that fall under what I'd call "being a normal, decent person".  Essentially giving advice like smile at everyone, listen to their argument, don't escalate confrontation, and see the idea from the other person's point of view.  It uses stories from the people that attended these seminars, and they all seem to be teaching the same principle. It's nice to have, and I'm glad I bought it and read it, but it could probably suffice just looking for a summary online.
I avoided this book for my life because an early mentor warned me against it being "phony." However I believe the book is at a minimum, a great set of cheap parlour tricks.  But it goes beyond that.  Dale Carnegie provided a roadmap for how people should behave politely and effectively in capitalistic society.
It confirms everything you should already know in plain, well written, English. It's a good reminder for how you should conduct yourself to get along well with your fellow man and succeed in life.
I’m already a couple chapters in and am already loving the messages in this book. It’s so helpful, and so educational! Definitely recommend!
Even though it's from a long time ago, Dale Carnegie figured out some powerful techniques that we should apply in our everyday life and the same principles that will always apply in our lives no matter what we do. He explains the principles in an easy to understand way and as you read you will come to realize that you may have used them on some occasions unconsciously and they have worked, and now that you know them you'll find it more easy to use them and change the way you interact with people.
I love this book.  It is a must-read for every salesperson.  I'm not a salesperson, but I immensely enjoyed this book.  I borrowed it so many times from the library, I decided to buy a copy.  I loved all the old stories about Lincoln and other famous figures that may have been common knowledge when this book was written (in the 1930s) but I had never heard them.  This book changed my son's life.  In one day, he got the phone numbers of all the people who sit at his lunch table - just by following the advice in this book.  It has certainly rocketed him to success in high school. (All this popularity didn't do much for his grades though.)  I can't say enough good things about this book.  Oh, one more thing - the guy who reads it has an excellent voice.
I’ve learned a lot from reading the book so far. Luckily, I’ve read a few other self help books on interacting w others so this book brushes up & seals the deal. Only con, the chapters can get lengthy with examples but pay attention bc that’s the gold part.
I have read many books and spend most of my time learning sales and marketing and behavioral economics, I had always passed on reading this book because I thought it was just another self help, personal growth book and I had read enough of those. However when I was impressed upon by one of my mentors in the marketing and sales field to read this book I decided to give it a try. The contents of this book apply to any field and I can truly say that I have seen a dramatic improvement in my work as a result. But the improvement in my overall personal and public life is something that I cannot deny, it feels as if, at once, I just exploded with improvement in every direction. This book is a game changer no matter what field of study or work you’re in. I’m currently trying to bribe my wife to read it as well lol.
Great book, does a great job of putting all those simple things that you should do into a very clear and consise way with a great little story to help you remember. Definitely a must read for anyone that’s looking into success books.
I really enjoyed reading Carnegie's book. While some may feel like a lot of it is self-explanatory, I think it is invaluable in really pinpointing how we can improve our relationships with other people. It is put in a simple format that is easy to understand while hammering the points home. If you are looking to improve your everyday relationships, take the time to read this short but extremely helpful book! Then, take the tips/principles to heart and read other books (especially some of the biographies suggested in the book) on the specific points that you want to improve further. Thanks to Amazon and Carnegie!
Man oh man! If you want to learn the art of persuasion and master communication this book is for you. People walk around listening to one "radio station" allday... WIIFM (Whats In It For Me)?? You will learn the art of getting people to see things from your point of view and cooperate with your vision. Great seller fast shipping
I found this book to be extremely well written and very applicable. Yes it was originally like 80 years ago but basic human nature hasn't changed even if society has. If anything it is even more applicable today as society becomes more technology focused and less human interaction focused.
This edition is not the true How to Win Friends and influence People" - it is an incomplete and fake item from an Indian/non-authorized publisher.  This version is incomplete - and the chapters that are included often leave out sections.
My Review: I read this book as part of a class I took for work.  I had actually purchased the ebook ages ago based on a recommendation, and when this class popped up I decided to give it a go.  What I Loved:  While pretty basic, all of the principles of this book are very clear and applicable to anyone at any point of our life, they are not just principles for people who work at a corporation.  In fact, I would say that most of the principles presented are just good people skills put into practice.  I enjoyed the healthy reminders of how as a decent human being, I should be listening, and keeping other peoples perspective in mind rather than only thinking of my own wants and desires.  There are a lot of nuggets to take from this book, but one of the best is the realization that every single person really has one deep set desire (whether they realize it or not) and that is to feel important.  We can help them achieve those desires by doing very simple things; addressing them by name, really listening, smile, being authentic in our desire to know about them and their life.  Simple life concepts.  And though this isn't a Christian book at all, they are simple Christian attributes as well.  Not So Much: For each principle laid out in this book, there were several real-life examples given.  At first I was really enjoying the stories and little bits of history (as this book is quite old, and many of the examples are well-known individuals from U.S. history) - but after several chapters of these points/story/story/story setting - I kind of started to feel like I was just getting the points presented over and over and over again.  However, without all of these examples, the book would have been nothing more than a pamphlet.  The Verdict:  This is a great book.  It should be read of for nothing more than to be 'told' what we as humans probably already know to be true.  Sometimes, though, knowing something and hearing it presented makes a big difference.  If more people would apply the principles in this book, this world would look quite a bit different.
This book has one of those titles that may lead a cynic to write it off as a textbook on manipulating others to get what you want. It's not. It's actually a set of straightforward, reasonable principles about how to work more effectively with the people around you, whether that be colleagues, friends or even members of one's families. It's a primer for navigating the pitfalls of human nature in a constructive way. I enjoyed reading it and found myself eagerly highlighting both the principles it enumerates and the illustrative examples it uses to drive them home. I can't recommend this book highly enough. My sole regret is that I never came across it earlier in life!
this book has newer revisions that are better for the modern reader.  However, you cannot go wrong with How to Win Friends and Influence People
In my honest opinion, several principles in this book are repeated around the book. I don't see it as a disadvantage, because repetition is the key to learning. I did think several of the principles explained in the book are common sense, but I found that it could be easy for a person to react quickly to conflicts. This book has taught me the importance of staying in control and how beneficial it is to be in control of our behaviors and act in a way of service to others. The examples described in the book made it simpler to understand the concepts that Dale is teaching. I recommend this book if you would like to improve your skills with people. This book is especially beneficial for those who are working on their businesses and close relationships.  This book is divided into four parts. The first half of the book discusses techniques in handling people and how to have people like you. The final half of the book gives instructions about how to win people to our own thinking and how to be a leader by changing people without offending them or causing resentment.  In the first part of the book, it is divided into three principles. The first principle emphasizes the importance of avoiding criticism and he describes working with people as: working with people of logic. He further describes complaining and criticizing as a foolish task to do and how it takes a person of character to understand, forgive, and have self-control. Principle # 2 describes the importance of honest and sincere appreciation. Within this principle he describes the importance of ending our own thinking of accomplishments and desires. Instead, we must put our focus on the other person's good qualities. If being sincere, this will cause people to cherish them in their minds, even years later. The third principle involves influencing the other person to want, but not in a way that is manipulative. With this principle, he describes the importance of self-expression and connects it to the importance of thinking in terms of the other person, so that they come up with your ideas on their own, which they will like more.  Within the second part of the book, it teaches six principles. The first describes how critical it is to become interested in other people because you will make more friends compared to having others interested in you. When he moves onto the second principle, he explains the importance to smile in a heartwarming way because it will brighten the lives of those who see it. Dale then describes the importance to recall a person's name in the third principle. He gives tips on how to remember and then explains how people enjoy the sound of their own name. The fourth principle is about being a good listener and encouraging those to talk about themselves. He then goes onto to explain again that people are more interested in talking about themselves instead of others. He further explains this point in principle five: Talk in terms of the other person's interests. The final step is to sincerely make the other person feel important because this is the "deepest urge in human nature."  Dale describes in the third part of the book the steps to have a person think in terms of your own thoughts. He then explains that it is better to avoid arguments and to show respect for other people's opinions and never tell them they are wrong. because it will further push them away. If there is fault in your own behavior, Dale explains to immediately admit you're wrong without any doubts. If you are upset, he explains to sit down and counsel together, and if there are differences, understand it. Even in some differences, there will be points of agreement. He then explains the importance of agreement and having the person say "yes," at least twice. You doing this by looking into the other person's viewpoint and asking questions that cause them to agree. It is essential to have friends do the talking and have them excel us, instead of excelling them. When this occurs, they will feel important. To further the notion of feeling important, it is important to have the individual create their own ideas. He deepens this idea by asking questions such as, "Why should he or she want to do it?" and then being sympathetic towards their ideas. In order to catch a person's attention, you must dramatise the ideas you have. If all else fails, he explains the importance of competition and how it drives people to feel important and empowered to work efficiently and effectively.  In the final part of the book, Dale again discusses the importance of beginning with praise and honest appreciation. When someone makes a mistake, call to their mistakes indirectly. This can be done my making their mistakes your own and explaining the importance of fixing it and why it gave you a disadvantage. He then explains the importance of asking questions that direct the person you’re speaking to, to obtain your idea on their own. He emphasizes the importance of having the person be saved from embarrassment, and then explains the importance of praise again, even if it is small. Dale then gives examples of giving a person a reputation that makes them better, in order to have the person be motivated to improve. After giving someone a reputation to live up to, encourage the person to correct their faults and make them happy to do the actions you suggest.
This book is from the 30's, but the principals still apply today.  The ideas are just basic common sense stuff on how people should treat each other.  It can apply to work, friends, family, and strangers.  There are a million self help books out there, but what's great about this book is that it's common sense and simple.  You may already handle situations in ways suggested in the book, but I'm sure anyone who reads it will gain something from it.  I wish everyone were required to read this book.
Normally not a big fan of these self help kind of books but this book is the exception. It doesn't read like a self help book as Daniel Carnegie sort of just points out obvious things you've probably known your whole life and refers to them as "Principles." He then gives you examples of how these principles have been applied in real life and how you might apply them. If nothing else, it is an eye opening book that can help us all deal with others in a kinder, more genuine, and ultimately, more beneficial way.
Informative and useful for every day life. Able to use at work, home or socially. Good practical examples that can be implemented.
Great book, easy to read and inspiring! After years of leadership trainings i found this book as the most inspirational, refreshing and concise info on how to be a true leader by just being yourself. If you want a thorough guide on the necessary soft skills a leader must possess just read this book. Stuff that makes you successful and you never learn during your academic career.
This book contains great useful tips on how to deal with people.  It's written like a conversation, with relatable examples, and feels very easy to read.  However, I got a bad "icky" feeling when reading it.  The bad "icky" feeling probably comes from how I would summary this book in one sentence:  ***People are very self centered and very egotistical and so here are instructions on how to use those flaws to manipulate people and get what you want from them.***  My opinion of my fellow man had already dropped very low over the last couple years, due to getting burned in some business relationships and personal relationships and also from reading/hearing the discouraging daily news detailing the most hateful and divisive U.S. political environment of my lifetime.  So I was really hoping to find a book that would help me like other people better again and want to spend more time with other people.  This book definitely did not do that for me, but did the opposite actually - it made me dislike and want to minimize my dealings with most people even more.  But to be fair, getting you to like other people is not the goal of this book.  The goal of this book is teach you how to understand how other people's brains work, get them to like you, and get them to do what you want, and it is very effective at accomplishing that goal (assuming you apply what you've read to real life).
Great book with great advice that you can immediately apply in your everyday life as you read the book. Wish I would’ve read this years ago
No matter what your lot is in life, if you deal with people this book is an absolute must read. Some may say, "but it was originally written in 1937, and there have been many books that have been released since it's time". That statement is true, but that is what makes this book so incredibly important, even in the second decade of the 21st century...Many matters in how to deal with people have been long forgotten, and that makes this possibly more relevant than ever. This book is quite possibly the best "self-help" book; one that has zero fluff, and so much can be learned just from the first 3 or 4 chapters. I highly recommend!
Carnegie regales his readers with story after story of negotiation success against the odds, but does not outline the beliefs or mental habits that one should cultivate in order to replicate those negotiation methods in new situations.  I believe that Stephen Covey's Seven Habits of Highly Effective People is a better choice for those who haven't already read it. Although Covey doesn't name names, I suspect that he wrote his book partly as a rebuttal to Carnegie.
Gives great examples and tells memorable stories of how average Americans, and above average Americans (Abe Lincoln), were able to easily influence others by doing very simple things such as smiling and remembering names and keeping a good tone/attitude. Gives good steps and examples of how to teach people to ignore emotional and deep-seated knee-jerk actions that shoot ourselves in the foot from a social standpoint, and replacing those actions with good actions that help people to understand other points of view.  I think that every world leader, salesman and hostage negotiator should read this. If everyone read this book, and understood it, it would be a much less dark world.
This book still comes up on page 1 of lists of books of this type. I got several new ways of thinking out of it. One is that you can't win an argument (in business). People are sensitive and harsh words bring out their defensive thoughts and actions. There are proper ways to argue.  Also, people want to be treated with respect and will not do their best if they are not. Some of the people used as examples are not contemporary but this book is a classic and will never go out of style.
I absolutely love this book. I started reading it and can not get over how great it is. It talks about everything that is relevant in dealing with people. It doesn't tell you to do anything crazy and it's a little funny how he describes what we do in our daily lives because we are so bad with how we handle people in our lives. If you're looking for a great book. Here it is.
I wondered what was the big deal behind this book.  I am glad I bought the original version, not a new one.  There seemed to be different versions/editions available, but other reviewers liked this one.  I agree.  So what if some of the examples are from 70 years ago. bought it and read it in one or two sittings.  Fortunately, most of the suggestions are things I already do.  It is nice to have the affirmation, and I will continue doing these things.  Interestingly, I think he was advising businessmen to treat other people the way women typically treat other people in the workplace....Hmmmm.
This book is full of good advice. The first two-thirds was an interesting and pleasant read. This book has been so influential that much of Dale Carnegie's insight might be considered common sense now.  On the other hand, the section on leadership had anecdotes that seemed unrealistic with the subjects completely unaware that someone would try to manipulate them. It assumes that humans are like dogs that want nothing more than to be rewarded and have their masters' talk nice to them. I question their effectiveness although I might be giving humans too much credit.
Very encouraging and insightful. 2019 I'm really trying to better my self, and build my business.. these tips help you become a better friend, better parent, better partner, better business man or women.
Nothing more to say, the book is a classic, and for good reason. Give it to your kids for HS graduation and tell them you'll give them $20 bucks to read it before they leave home. Tell them if they think it was worth it, they can pay you the money back. If they are honest, they will. A great book about people and life and how to be successful. Can't say more than all the words that have already been said. Every adult in the country needs to read this book. I'm surprised it's not mandatory reading in every high school in the country.
This book contains PRACTICAL ADVICE for dealing with people.  The advice is mostly common sense, and you have probably observed every principle in this book.  Most people have not taken the time to think about these principles though.  Carnegie gives many examples to back his principles.  DEBATORS AND POLITICIANS could learn a great deal from this book. If you do not have the time to finish the book, at least WRITE DOWN all of the principles in the book and think about them.  They will sink in much better if you read the book, but regardless, just thinking about the principles will help. "HTWFAIP" contains a fundamental contradiction.  Carnegie frequently advocates being UNSELFISH, yet the whole book is about getting your way. The book is also a bit OVERKILL.  You will get the general idea about 1/2 way through.
This is a good book, but a lot of the techniques are now common knowledge.  It actually says the techniques 'work like magic,' which I believe is just marketing.  I stopped reading the book because it said do not criticize, it is futile.  While too much is bad, it is not entirely futile. Depending on your personality type, the first three chapters could potentially make you lose yourself in trying to please and not offend others.  Later, I tried re-reading the book and realized that near the end of the book, the author offers ways to constructively criticize.  Each chapter ends with principles (ie 1. Don't criticize, condemn or complain.)  You will get the most out of this book if you find the principle for each chapter BEFORE you read the chapter.  Then you will get the general idea of where the chapter is headed.  Also because people have a remarkable ability to adapt, some of the principles should be used with discretion.  For instance when correcting someone, it says to 'begin with praise' and call attention to mistakes indirectly.  If you always start with praise it loses its effect and people begin to expect reprimanding after praise.  Sometimes its better to end with praise instead.  In short, this is a good book but only follow the principles as a guideline instead of literally.  And if you skim the principles before you read the chapters and act on the information it will make a difference in your life.
Useful but somewhat dated information based on our current political climate. Unfortunately the social climate in last several years has changed to a highly entitled and offense sensitive group which makes it difficult to apply certain principles without appearing insincere.
I am very interested in Psychology and why people are the way they are. This book shows you how to create better relationships in all aspects of your life by telling you what people genuinely want out of life and how to give them those things. This book, written almost 90 years ago,  is as currently interesting and educational now as it was then. I NEVER read a book twice, but I can almost guarantee you that I will definitely read this again in the next couple of weeks, after I read another Dale Carnegie book! SO GO ON and get this book, you won't regret it!
Best book I’ve ever read everyone should be required to read it before graduating high school! I homeschool my children and all of them will be required to read it! Excellent practical skills for human interaction which are lacking in today’s society!
Boomerisms very outdated. Have to do a grain of salt idea,very common sense ideas really..
This book is a MUST read for anyone, but particularly if you are in management or sales.  This book changed my life in the way that I interact with people.  I would highly recommend this book to ANYONE because it teaches everyone valuable lessons about human interaction.  This book covers a wide range of topics such as how to motivate people, how to win them to your way of thinking, but also covers small and often overlooked things such as the importance of remembering someone's name (and tips for how to do so).  Get a hard copy and read it several times, then pass it on to someone you know who could use help with becoming a better "people person".
This book is simply revolutionary. To this day, Dale's effective and sustaining methods apply to anyone who is relied upon to drive the success of their department and/or company. I believe this book offers more skill to a business student, or any of the sort, than a textbook from a college business course. Not only have I gained confidence in my ability to handle my job in customer service, I am able to apply Dale's message to any aspect of my life for the betterment of my future - and so far, it has worked!
It takes something extraordinary for a book to remain a best seller fully 80 years after it was first published. Dale Carnegie wrote this book in 1937, offering practical advice in how to get along with others, understand their point of view, and influence them to your own.  It is a testament to the importance of human relationships that even now, in fact ESPECIALLY now, in our internet age and when many of our interactions are via e-mail or text or social media, there continues to be a realization of the importance of human to human contact and relationship.  Carnegie understood the basics of relationships and was particularly effective in expressing how the reader can improve his or her own abilities, in an understandable way, frequently using anecdotes or stories to illustrate key principles.  Just as he teaches the importance of listening, the book should be read in a thoughtful way and with time taken to really consider the points being made. Give them time to be fully absorbed, and use them in daily life.  There are very few people who are so good at relationships that they could not learn something from this book. And periodic re-readings will reinforce the lessons learned and bring out new points that may not have been absorbed in first reading.
Love this book. I own it in English, Spanish, and Portuguese (by accident). I recommend it to everyone, and I think it should be required reading in high school. Carnegie's philosophies serve as a great mentorship to everyone, and can help you live a better life and achieve a more successful career if his lessons are heeded. I'm not into excessive "self help" type books, but I don't consider this in that category. It's a philosophy of communication and relationship development.
This is a must read for anyone, Dealing with people is a must in life and this book is not only a how to but what not to do as well. I will be picking up a used copy to keep with me and mark in and I highly recommend it on audio as well. If you never read any other book but one in your life this has to be it!
This book is not only for those who are aiming to climb the ladder at a company and want to build strong people skills, what you learn by reading this book is as applicable for business men/women as it is for stay at home parents.  The book goes down to the basics to teach you why most of our approaches to making friends or influencing people are flawed.  Mr. Carnegie makes us think about our approach to daily problems and teaches us what simple adjustments go a long way in making the other person perceive us as friendly and approachable, and make them actually want to be our friends and help us!  This book was written decades ago, and it is just as applicable in today's  daily life.  The techniques used by Abraham Lincoln decades ago to approach problems with other people during his life are just as powerful today, and Carnegie presents some of them in this magnificent book.  I would recommend this book to anyone.  Unless you feel that you have mastered how to deal with people on a daily basis, I am confident there are some valuable lessons for you to learn from this book.
I was made to read this when I was in college in the 70's.  It was the best class in college for me and served me my entire life at work and personally.  I had each of my kids read it when young and every employee i hired through my 36 year work career.  To a person they all benefited by reading it.  So should everyone!!!
I bought this version of "How To Win Friends and Influence People" only because it had the cover picture of the version I read when I was a teenager in the 1960's, and at $0.80, what did I have to lose?  The writing is excellent - easy to grasp, and entertaining.  It reads like a well delivered, polished sermon, and inspires one to look at situations from different, more positive angles.  On the content, I give it high marks.  It also contains references to men of the early twentieth century like Hoover, Roosevelt, and Edison, that I find interesting.  I haven't finished reading the book yet, but I do have two gripes about it.  The formatting isn't very well done for the Kindle.  About every two or three paragraphs there will be an odd break in the justification.  It's not terrible, but it doesn't look completely finished either.  Chapters headings could have bigger and better breaks too.  The oddest thing is this "1936" edition has an anecdote (near location 550) about Stevie Wonder as delivered by Paul Harvey with a copyright notice from 1977!  Go figure!  I don't know if the editions got mixed up or what, but Dale Carnegie died in 1955!  Unfortunately, mistakes like this make me question the authenticity of the rest of the book too.  If accuracy and authenticity are important to you, you might want to consider buying a different Kindle version of this book.
I don’t like the authors style of writing...”too hillbilly, good ole’ boy”.  I still haven’t finished it because the author is sssooooo annoying to me!  I barely got “anything” out of it...except one (1) thing (I have to use it daily with the way people are today!).
The book was recommended to me at work. It's based on many stories from real life including a lot of famous people from history. One lesson per chapter and supporting examples of case of real situations.
This book is true to the hype. It has taught me ways to improve personally at a scale that is both noticeable and easy to implement. I can’t recommend it highly enough.  I do have some reservations. Some of the methods feel a bit dated. Despite my early judgment, I’m certain that if I reflect enough on the matter I’ll find the gem of the said method, and the best way to implement it into my career and, even more importantly, my life at home.  This is certainly a book that I’ll be looking back on and still learning from for years to come.
Hard to read.  Incredibly boring.
I gave this book three out five stars.  - I got a few quotes to live by out of this book  - There's a lot of dated material that history buffs may like  - The overall THEME of the book is to be considerate of other people's feelings and the rest of the book is "the best case scenario" of how this strategy went well throughout history.  - 75% of the way through I just wanted it to be over,but, this book is a classic and I hate leaving a book partially read.  - Three stars.
This is a classic that should be required reading for all human beings in high school and beyond. Carnegie's writing style is easy on the eyes and ears, plus he has more personal stories to tell about people he's met than the Pope. Grab yourself a copy and live life fully.
Print too light. Difficult to read.
This book changed the way I interact with other people. It helped me understand that each person is viewing and hearing me through their own life experiences and that I in turn am hearing them through the filter of my life history. It helped me improve the quality of every relationship I have and to be more successful at work. It is always the first book I recommend to friends embarking on the journey of self improvement.
This book should be used in classrooms.  Its ideas should be shared with everyone, everywhere.  Not just so you can be successful in life, but how to relate to and identify with people in every walk of your life.  It's a definite must-read.
I guess his book would work in certain situations. The book wasn't hard to read, it's been around a long time. The experiences this book presents are pretty darn good. Ok
This is a great book and a must read.  It’s given me a new perspective on how we as humans connect socially through our emotions.  Things we say and how we respond to others.  With the studies and information this book provides if you guide yourself within these practices you will notice a huge difference in how it can change your life in a better way having better relationships with friends, business, and getting things you want in your life.
This book basically tells you to suck up to people which is the antithesis of who I am.
All the concepts in the book seem to be very helpful and logical ways to gain "friends" and influence people. I put friends in quotes because the way he describes making friends seems to be more you not saying anything that might be considered offensive (what friend of yours do you never talk with about politics, religion, sex, ect ?). The influencing people steps seems downright common sense when you read them, Carnegie just articulates them well. The book is a good place to begin, but it ends with you. I read the book, but I haven't really put any of the techniques into play. Any time a disagreement comes up, I'm too in the moment to think "well what did Carnegie say I should do now?" It will take a disciplined person to take these steps and integrate them into their lives fully.
Points out some obvious things you may not be implementing in your daily life but also full of not so obvious and things that we can all benefit from. Will definitely ugly be looking into more books from Dale C.
This is my third reading of this book over the years and I am always reminded about the things that  I can be better at. This book is common sense for people who already have good relationships with all the people that are in their lives. Many of us, however, are lacking in some basic people skills and this book mentions very simple and effective "habits" that we can start incorporating into our daily lives to have great relationships with people. The author uses many real world examples to illustrate his points. One caveat, however, is that the reader has to be genuinely interested in others because you can't fake it. Just the simple examples of remembering people's names and birthdays goes a long ways toward winning friends. I recommend this book to anyone that wants to improve their ability to win friends and influence (not manipulate!) people.
This book is a timeless, classic.  I purchased it for a friend's roomie, whom no one cares for much, because she is extremely snide and condescending mixed with almost, completely socially inept.  I've read this book a long time ago and thought it made some good points regarding dealing with people.  I read a couple pages when I received it again recently and thought perhaps I should invest in myself with this book, rather than someone else, and make some positive changes for myself rather than insult or harp on someone else s bad qualities.  Just read the first 2 chapters again and can already see that applying these minor principles to my current relationship is helpful in major ways!:)
I have so many good things to say about this book. I have bought this book for several of my friends who are in sales or who just need help talking to people. If anything will make me successful in my life it will be what I have learned from my Masters degree and this book. It truly is the only book you will need to succeed. I could go on an on about this book but others have already done so. Just buy it! Its so worth the $10!
You can learn to be likable. That is the message of How to Make Friends and Influence People. The book explains how in easy to understand chapters.  Many who survived the teenage years may doubt that there is much moral significance in being liked. They attended high schools where the most accomplished bullies were often the most popular boys. The most popular girls were frequently Queen Bees and Mean Girls.  Fortunately, most people mellow out when they become grownups. Adults are rarely gratuitously cruel.  Most adults respond positively to the methods Dale Carnegie teaches in this classic.  For years I felt condescending toward How to Win Friends and Influence People. When I finally read it I found it to contain common sense, common courtesy, and good mental hygiene. Dale Carnegie illustrates his points with quotes from some of the world’s greatest writers. Nevertheless, his book is easy to understand. He ends every chapter with one or two sentences that summarize the chapter.  The early chapters provide advice that works with most people most of the time. Smile. Be a good and sympathetic listener. Remember people’s names. “Give honest and sincere appreciation.”  Dale Carnegie insufficiently draws attention to the fact that in order to do well socially one often has to compromise between what one wants to do, and what is appropriate in the situation. Smile, even when you do not feel like smiling. Listen sympathetically to others, even when they are not fascinating conversationalists.  Dale Carnegie’s advice will be less congenial and more difficult to follow for those who can most benefit from it. This is particularly true for those with introverted personalities, like me. I enjoy solitude or the company of a close friend. Nevertheless, over the years, and with Dale Carnegie’s advice, I have learned to behave more like an extrovert in social situations. I do not mean that I become socially aggressive. I do mean that I make a point of listening to those who want to talk to me, and that I treat everyone with courtesy and respect.  I will never brighten a room by entering it. I will never be the life of a party. I have learned to avoid needlessly alienating people.  It is always a good idea, especially with people you don’t know very well, to let them do most of the talking. With people you do not know well it is probably a good idea not to introduce topics into the discussion. Instead, occasionally contribute to topics already raised to demonstrate that you have been paying attention.  Dale Carnegie likes to quote famous people. He ought to have included two quotes from Calvin Coolidge. “I have never been hurt by what I have not said,” and, “No man ever listened himself out of a job.” I wish I had heard and headed that advice earlier in life.  Dale Carnegie’s advice on how to win friends is better than his advice on how to influence people. It is difficult to change attitudes. You should not always try. You should never try to get someone to do something that is in your interest, but not in the other person’s.  This certainly includes asking for a raise. A good relationship with your immediate supervisor is usually the most important single factor in a job. If your boss is an employee like you are he or she only has so much money in the budget for raises. More for you means less for others. Even if your boss owns the company, asking for a raise will probably harm your relationship with him or her.  The first part of Dale Carnegie’s book is about being liked. It will work with most people most of the time. The second part is about influencing people. It will not always work. It will not always work for everyone. You can know how to do something and still not be able to do it.  Dale Carnegie presents two examples of a young man who got a well paying job with a self made millionaire by telling the millionarie how much he admired him for rising from poverty to wealth. I have read How to Win Friends & Influence People five times. I still could not do that. I would be better off if I could, but I could not.  I could express my admiration of someone who was picked on as a teenager by high school bullies, took martial arts lessons, and became an accomplished martial artist. I could express my appreciation of someone who never finished high school, but who became widely read and well informed in public libraries. In these cases I would neither ask for, nor would I expect any reward, other than the friendship of two fascinating individuals.  Dale Carnegie devotes much of his book explaining how bosses can get better performance from their subordinates. Other than explaining how to win the affection of others, he gives no advice on how to deal with an unsympathetic boss. Some bosses for reasons of their own will dislike you even if you try to be nice. A boss who does not like you will ignore your accomplishments, exaggerate the significance of your mistakes, and place you in situations where you are likely to make mistakes. Some will do this deliberately. Others will do it subconsciously.  My advice for unsympathetic bosses, and Dale Carnegie does give this this advice generally, is first of all do not argue with your boss. If he or she reprimands you, sit there and take it. Be aware, as painful as this may be, that some of your boss's criticism may be valid. Second, try to understand why the boss is the way he or she is. Try to understand how it feels to be that person.  Additionally, and this is my advice, avoid expressing hostility for the boss to a co-worker unless you know the co-worker feels the same way. You do not want your boss to learn from the grapevine that you think he or she is an incompetent bully who owes his or position to office politics, even if this is obviously true.  Dale Carnegie advises his readers to read each chapter twice, and to try to use everything he advises. What has worked for me has been to read the book straight through every few years or so. Also, I try to have a sense of what will work for me, and what will not.  The book is not infallible. It has been benefited me. Over the years, and largely as a result of reading this book, I have acquired a personality that enables me to be liked by people with whom I do not have anything obviously in common. Some people never acquire this ability. My life would be better if I had acquired it much earlier.
Haven’t read the book yet, so my 1 star isn’t because of the reading, but instead the quality of the book. There are pages that have not been cut properly or even at all. The lengths are also not properly measured. Please update quality. I will send back and request another copy. Please advise
The person for whom I purchased this book constantly reads it and has highlighted a ton of things in it. She loves it!  I don't think she's used any techniques to "win" any friends yet, but she has used it to "influence" her mother in order to help rebuild her rocky relationship with her.
I purchased this book to learn how communicate better. I was so pleased with the contents of the book. Treat people fairly, nicely and with respect will influence the conversation and other to act the same.
Okay, so most of the findings of this book can be found online, but it was nice to have an actual copy of this book that I could highlight and use to refer back to every now and then. Some of the advice is very basic, common sense, sort of things, but some of it are things that we've forgotten and make all of the difference when applied.  I can't say it was life-changing, but I do keep this book with my other business related books and skim them over from time to time to refresh myself on basic relations. It helps. It's a good read before your first "real" job, or if you find yourself having trouble at work. For example, I often had troubles expressing my ideas and taking on more of a leadership role so this book did reinforce some good pointers for that.
This book should be a required reading and course in human relations, not only for business but also in every day life. This isn't a "read one time" book, but a reference manual for life and living.
It will change the way you see things in life and the best ways to approach situation to obtain better and more positive results.
I love it any time I can read something and get the upper hand.  This book started out super informative and ended just as strongly.  I truly enjoy putting these good practices to great use with not only friends and family, but coworkers and people in general.  Remember the golden rule; he who has the gold makes the rules!
There is a miss-print error in this version of the book. After the first two and half chapters, the book goes back and restarts on page 5. Nothing against the actual author or contents on the book, just poor publisher edition. Recommend to buy this book from a different publisher.
Dale Carnegie is one of my favorite secular authors. There is so much to appreciate about his contribution to the literary world.  I had very high expectations of this title, and was not disappointed. I particularly appreciate his view of allowing people to be who they are, without pressuring them. This author seemed to be appropriately fixated on speaking to people in a way you can most be heard (not just for speaking's sake). He embraced positive reinforcement and praise for good qualities and a job well done, as a way to encourage people to be at their best. This is simple, but brilliant! I had a career in behavior modification and management for several years, so this particularly resonated with me.  Oh, well. Mr Carnegie has long since passed, so he cannot read this, but if any of his descendants or relatives read this, just know that this reader absolutely appreciates the contribution Mr. Carnegie has made through his books--this one included. I highly recommend it. Buy, buy, buy ;-)
this book has other great reviews but its just not the book for me. I feel like hes telling the reader to be fake and use people against themselves, which I don't appreciate. but my husband read the  same book and doesn't get that feeling from the author and really enjoys the book. he says hes been using the techniques and is really seeing great results.
I used to like this book, and wrote a 5 star review, but now it's only 2.  This book does make a couple strong points that I agree with, but the rest I disagree with. When I read this book, I got the vibe that everyone is all the same. They're thirsty for attention and to feel important, and it's our duty to act like dogs and give everyone that feeling of importance. Truth is, this gets exhausting real fast. Very fast. It may seem like the author has a lot of evidence to support his claims, but keep in mind that he hand-picked these anecdotes. For example, the author makes a point saying that the best way to be a conversationalist is to always just listen, and ask questions. I can't remember exactly, but the author may have said that most of the time, people just want to speak what's on their mind. I can disagree because when you only ask questions, you're blocking yourself from opening up to the other person. Sometimes the other person may want to hear YOUR input, YOUR advice, or see if you can even relate to what their saying. People generally tend to want a good laugh also, but how is it possible when you can only ask questions?  I even remember the author saying how he manipulated his wife when they were making travel plans for vacation. He used his son as an excuse to go where HE wanted, and not the wife. I'm pretty ashamed of the author in all honesty for naming the title of the book the way he did.  This book may be good for business. I can't recommend it for living your own personal life though.
If my memory is correct,  in 2016 someone recommended this book to me. Within 2~4month I bought it. But thats it. Did not read it untill end of December 2018 and today Monday, 29-April-2019 around 1:20pm I officially finish the book. Looking forward to go thru it again. But a bit faster this time.  Highly recommended book, has the potential to change the way you see the world and how we interact with one another ^_^
This book taught me a lot. I've been applying its principles in my life and have noticed how much I was doing wrong before and how much better I'm doing now. Read this.
Mason - this is for you!!! My guy Mason insisted I buy this book, and read it once every three months. I swear by this book. It teaches you how to be an actual decent person (for those who don't know that naturally) and really trains you how to sell, how to close a deal
As someone who is working on improving his mental health, this book, along with mindfulness techniques and good exercise, helps out tremendously. The reading is easy and all the case studies are so powerful to read from Mr. Carnegie. There is a reason this book continues to be successful! Even after it has been edited throughout time!
I totally recommend this audiobook. I listen to it over and over. I also have the book which is also awesome, but I find the audiobook more convenient to listen to while comuting to work.
Easy read loved the type of writing
An excellent book. Well worth the price because it remains relevant today as when it was first penned. A practical and very useful guide. I purchased the paperback version years ago and desired to have the digital version in my electronic library.
I read that this book is a must-read for anyone wanting to start their own business. It may read as old-fashioned, but it contains very practical advice on how to deal with different types of people. The suggestions are very helpful for anyone who has their own business or wants to learn how to handle difficult situations with various types of personalities.
There's a good reason this back slapping title has been in print for over three generations complete with added text. The lesson is simple..you get nowhere with personal dealings unless you put yourself in your opponents position. Over and over in different scenarios the author points out strange truths. For example: Have you ever won an argument? The answer is No. Nobody ever wins arguments. People have ended arguments but nobody ever wins arguments. You can only get the upper ground by acknowledging your opponent and gently sliding in your own point of view. You cannot change people by endlessly opposing or criticizing them. You can only work with them. And you absolutely MUST respect them no matter how offensive or ignorant they may be.  It's curious how this lesson bears endless emphasis and repeating. The book is more useful and helpful in personal dealings than a thousand shrinks dissecting your soul.
Honestly a lot of this advice is common sense. And it's not really all that useful in a strictly business sense in my opinion. The style is simple, the revelations not particularly revelatory. Pass.
Most of these books which fall under the umbrella of personal development are full of things we already know. But, reminders don't hurt! In fact, sometimes we really do need them.  If you're looking for some secret trick to "influence" people, you wont find it in this book. It's really just a breakdown of reaping what you sow, putting your best foot forward, and dealing with people in your environment to the tune of being productive. It's worth the read!
We ordered this book months ago and after opening the package we laughed out loud at the ridiculous size of this tiny book. The only reason we are keeping it is the absurdity of the size and a great conversation piece.
I enjoyed this book a long time ago.  I bought it as a gift for someone that had expressed interest.  I used to pick specific chapters and gently but firmly instructed my kids to read the appropriate one when they "screwed up."  They and I were happy with the results.
I never thought I had a problem winning over people, but this is such a well known and highly praised book that I decided to read it anyways thinking I might still be able to learn a little. Wow. I learned A LOT. There are many bad habits I had that I didn't realize. I must've been just lucky before because now I'm better in many different situations where my attitude might have held me back. This book offers great advice that can be applied in your professional or personal life. I cannot say enough about this book. Just buy it. It's worth every penny.
Quick and helpful read. Really could benefit anyone with building relationships regardless of their careers.
Published in 1936, this book is more relevant today than ever! Having trouble with difficult coworkers? Dale Carnegie has the tools to help. Family and friends divided over politics or religion? This book will help. Feeling lonely and trying to make friends? This book has the answers. Absolutely worth your time. Life-changing if you apply it. Highly recommended!!
What a fantastic book! I have heard of this book billed as the "Sales Bible" but really this book will have a positive impact on every relationship in your life.
There's a reason this book is so famous--believe the hype! Yes, many things stated in the book are kind of no-brainers, but Carnegie offers many examples and insights that illuminate the importance of his claims. I've learned a lot and try and remember his 'lessons' on a daily basis. It's definitely more than like a 'self-help' type book, it will help with your daily life! I recommend it to everyone and reference it often.
Still having a big impact on those that that can check the ego and realize we can all work on ourselves a bit.
Works only for people in the business and politics industry. If you want to learn how to be yourself this is NOT the book. This is only for people who need to put on a facade to please others. Sooner or later you will start to feel exhausted because you're focus is always meeting other people's needs first than of yours.
be sure to check prices and your school libraries/local libraries for free rentals before you buy. If you have to buy amazon is one of the cheapest ways to obtain this book.
This book gets a perfect rating because if you stick to the principles outlined, you never really need to read another book on influence and relations. This is clearly the grandfather of nearly all books of its kind as its principles are simply rewritten in different ways. It's also so practical. You can carefully apply reach step with measurable results. This book is for ANYONE in leadership or management. Or for anyone that just wants to figure out why people don't get along with them and would like to become a better people person. It's easy to see why it will be republished forever.
I was hesitant to purchase this book because of the 'age' in which it was written however the guidance that it provides works in any age.  It was very helpful for me and i was able to identify areas where I was sabotaging myself by not considering the other person's views.  I will read it again and again until i can feel comfortable about my relationships
This is a second read for me, the first being decades ago. It's STILL amazing. It's a short series of simple principles to, well, win friends and influence people. It's funny how well the principles hold up in our more sophisticated age. Probably they're better known now than then, and they may not seem so radical that, as the author says, the book needs to be read carefully and reviewed monthly. Having been around a few blocks, I can testify that these principles work well.  My only complaint is that some editors have added a few passages discussing much more recent events and people than Carnegie could have known about (such as Stevie Wonder). I suppose they're good examples, but it's really jarring to me and makes me wonder what other alterations have been made. I like the examples of long gone people such as Teddy Roosevelt, and I may look for an original edition for my 3rd read. Still, it's a solid 5 stars.
Carnegie's work has been impacting relationships for decades. On that basis, his book should be five stars. But, some of the writing doesn't stand up that well over time. The key to Carnegie's success, as he says, is to ground the expression of his work in sincerity. Absent that, there is a chronic risk that student of his teaching can use his work to manipulate results falsely. This is a temptation because Carnegie's ideas area among the most effective tools you will ever encounter.
I bought this book for my grandson. He's having problems communicating with others. His dad and I know that this book helped us and will help him also. He just needs to open and read it. I'm leaving his dad in charge of making sure that happens. I highly recommend this book for anyone, young or old who needs help understanding how to talk with others. If you think you already know, it will help you improve your relationships.
Very good book. As a woman, I find that some of the advice makes me appear more flirtatious than I would like. These tips do need to be taken with a grain of salt, or interpreted in a modern way. With the book being written so long ago, it's easy to see that there are some differences in business relations and daily life for the modern socialite.  An unexpected surprise for me was the size of this book - it's huge! The print is also large which I did not realize when ordering. No harm there, it makes the unorthodox page style a bit easier to take in without losing place.
Amazing book to read for people of all ages and from all walks of life. This book will change you're world by making day to day interactions with people more meaningful and even beneficial. There's no selfish tricks involved in winning friends and influencing people, it all comes from a genuine desire to be interested in people and to actively think in terms of their point of view, their motives, interests and feelings.
A must read if you are in marketing or sales. This book has helped me greatly when I was in marketing and also in personal life to handle situations that could turn into argument.
Greatest book in existence. Has sought smudges in the book though, but they are super faint. Not sure what they are.
One of the best books I have ever read. The first time I saw someone reading this I thought perhaps they were shy, or quiet and needed a boost, but as I read it's pages it was hard to put down. Every single principle in this book denotes kindness, something our world could use a little more of. It's principles are timeless and well needed in every aspect of my life. I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking to improve their social behavior and/or improve themselves.
This got to be the book that provided me with the most principles on how to win friends and influence people. Most of what is taught in the book should be common sense since it's so simple and most of us are actually taught to behave this way since we were kid, very few of us however actually put them to use. Dale Carnegie's book excel by showing us that humans really don't want much more than be appreciated. That is one thing I will never forget as time goes on.
I spend a lot of time with people that vary in age. As I read this book the techniques here day by day helped me to see myself in my interactions with them. We as a society are a verity of people. Each of us affected by our influences before we meet each other. While reading this book and seeing my own contribution to other people in maintaining what they have been told about themselves by my lack of understanding how to help them and myself get the results we all desire in life, that is to feel valued and appreciated. This book taught me how to do that. It will be a work in progress. This is a book of reference that will help to make the most of your relationships with others better. When applied you will see and feel the change in yourself. That is the purpose for reading this book to change how you interact with others and how to lift them up so they find their purpose. In the end we find ours. To treat others so they love themselves and this teaches us how to love ourselves.
The book is gem, a diamond in the ruff. Carnegie's princples on human relations are insightful and extremely helpful. I definitly would suggest owning a physical copy to be able to go back and re- read as you travel through life. The book is also a captivating read, it keeps the reader interested for the next piece of information. I have shared this book with all of my friends and it has helped me become a better manager to my team. It is a productive read and a value added purchase. I also suggest a pen, highlight, and a notebook. The target audience is you if you have stumbled upon this book, it is not by accident.
Dale Carnegie's book is really one for the ages. In it, he details concepts that seem so simple; concepts that most of us already know, though we never could have explained it with such coherency ourselves. Everyone knows it's a good idea to smile, or to remember someone's name, or be genuinely interested, but how many of us do so every day?  It's like someone explaining to you how to ride a bike: they can tell you every detail about it, but the only way to truly learn is try it for yourself. The explanation is only useful if the person is dedicated to listen carefully to the advice, and then apply it to the situation. Dale clearly understands this, and exhorts his readers to first truly take in each chapter by reading it twice, then challenges you to apply these techniques in your day-to-day life. It's unexpectedly hard at first, trying to follow his golden rules, but once they become a habit it really sets in. Dale is trying to instruct a completely different world view, not just a way to become likeable.  Dale's mastery of these skills is also surprisingly apparent, even in his writing. He gloats about the successes of his students, and time to time gives examples of his own mistakes. His writing style is direct, down to earth, and often a touch humorous. I couldn't help but feel some sort of connection to this fellow, even though he's long passed away.  The most glaring example of his skill in Charisma, however, is the very title of his book. When I first heard the name I thought it was somewhat off-putting. Now, after reading his text, I've realized he was practicing his own principles to the letter. For goodness sake, he was trying to sell a book during the great depression, and he made heaps of money off it!  If you're here reading this review, and are seriously interested in how to win friends and influence people, I suggest you buy this book ASAP. Best $10 you'll spend.  As for the E-book format: the only thing that bothered me was that the highlighting was a bit wonky. This might have been due to reading it on my galaxy note 2, but I might as well warn you. Otherwise, it worked like a dream.
a solid read that has some outdated stories but easy enough to apply to modern day examples
Wow - this book is an amazing read, and beneficial both personally and professionally. In just two weeks of reading, this has already aided my work and leadership qualities all around. Appropriate for any level of leadership!
So I thought I bought the full book, nope. It's a tiny palm-sized summary. This is NOT How to Win Customers & Influence 5 Star Reviews. I pre-ordered this book months ago and do not recall it saying "miniature" in the title. My friend, who also ordered it on the same day that I did also didn't notice this very critical word in the title.
My boss suggested that I read this book and then several podcasts happened to mention this book. I’m glad that I’ve read this one. The examples can be outdated, but the concepts behind them are pretty timeless. Some of them need to be tweaked for the 21st century, but most apply today.
Now, this book is not what I thought it would be. I thought this book was for people who just cannot communicate with people on a social level as in school or just out in the open. About making friends in general. Most of this book was about the workplace. Don't get me wrong, this book is pretty fantastic for the workplace. If you want a job, want a better job, want to be a good manager/leader, increase your connections, etc., this will help tremendously.  I started to get the hint when Carnegie most of the time brought up examples of tycoons and presidents, that this wasn't going to be a "How to make friends book". It starts off with the basic, say hello, say their names, pat them on the pat, eye contacting, and it goes on and on. Though I did find it amusing this one part where he suggested make time for people (which is very true when it comes to making friends), that he would just listen to a woman talk, and said he would pretend to be interested in what the woman was saying. I'm sure this falls into the workplace category and making an impression, as opposed to actually making a friend. If someone wanted to make a friend, why on earth would you pretend to be interested in what they are saying? Unless you are a guy trying to get into some woman's pants (or vice versa). Then he mentions how he took the time to talk to a boss for about an hour about his dog, and just listened. Then the boss gave him a free dog, or an offer to get a free dog. Then he says, "See look! I got something free just for listening to this rich guy for 1-2 hours!". He was showing that making time for others can be beneficial. Yeah well, I don't want peoples assets, I would like their FRIENDSHIP. Things like this, I just did not like in the book. I don't want to be fake.  The book however is well written. It's a bit repetitive though. Carnegie has a LOT of examples that are well written out from start to finish. But it can be a bit boring when you already understand what he's saying, and then you find out you still have some pages to go about something he's has already explained enough about.  This book is also NOT for the introverted or shy. I know this is the last thing the author may have thought about, but just to put this book in a different light, this is not for the ones who don't want to put themselves out there. First you have to evaluate your own self and be comfortable with yourself, as well as be confident. If you are not, read books about self-esteem, confidence, shyness, etc first before diving into this book IF you want to have a successful BUSINESS and be a good boss or leader.  Honestly to sum up this book : Be good to people, make time for them, ask questions and suggest things that would benefit another person rather than criticizing, do not insult others, smile, remember names, pretend to be interested in people (unless you really like them I guess).  When I get a job in the corporate world, I would definitely try to read this book again. Though his bold words at the end of each chapter, pretty much sum up what he says.  He just has a lot of examples to show how effective his advice is.  This book is more for Workplace friends... the people you go to when you need a favor, then you don't talk to them until you need another favor!
Out of all the timeless, legendary and vitally important books like Think And Grow Rich that I want my kids to read, I think I would place this book above all the others. In fact, the strategies in this book are what Andrew Carnegie(who is written about in Think And Grow Rich) instinctively knew and did that was the main reason why he achieved legendary wealth and influence that exceeds even today's wealthiest billionaires. This book is about timeless truths of human nature, and when put in practice, open doors to success among influential people like no other. It will make you a better human being, your life will be the better for it, and you will find true happiness among your fellow man if you make these simple truths a daily part of your life. Beyond highly recommended!
How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie was written to serve as a guide to success. According to the author, this book is able to change the mindset of its readers, and it has the ability to completely reshape boring, dispirited lives into successful, exhilarating ones. The book explains key aspects of social and emotional interaction in order to lead readers into this unimaginable change in success. Throughout the book, Carnegie relates his own experiences as well as the experiences of his students, which display the positive effects of the actions that he teaches. The book is separated into several chapters that contain a set of principles on a specific subject. Some of these subjects include techniques in handling people, making people like you, and winning people to your way of thinking. Almost all of the content within this book are useful examples of situations that allow readers to connect to the information on an understandable level. The book is better referred to as a guide, written for people to take out and consult with in order to maintain or enhance a professional or social life.  This book brought no regrets on my part. I am so relieved to have found a book that can actually teach people things extremely valuable to life. The numerous principles on how to successfully interact with people can be useful to anyone in almost every field. In the business field it can prove to be a miracle. Many jobs today require people to interact with others and work collaboratively. You may need to sell a doctor new medicines. You may need to create a PowerPoint with coworkers. No matter what it is, people must be able to deal with people successfully. In How to Win Friends and Influence People, Carnegie explains the simple secret he and everyone else should use to get people to do something, writing, “The only way I can get you to do anything is by giving you what you want” (Carnegie 95). This is what makes the book so great. Carnegie perfectly organizes these simple principles and rules that, if we all follow, will lead to a more successful, fulfilling, and accomplished life. I personally feel that I will need to refer to this book later in life because of its simplicity in putting together everyday social rules to illustrate a timeless lesson.  If every single person in any single country were to read and fully indulge the main ideas of this book, then everyone in the world would want to do business with that country. The principles conveyed through Carnegie’s How to Win Friends and Influence People seem to be almost guaranteed to work, according to the examples and common sense. This is truly the only book that I have read that I feel will aid me in life. Because of this, I greatly recommend reading this book if you want to excel in a professional and social manner.
Great book ! ... no seriously... great book. I read every chapter twice before moving on and took action after every chapter and continue to improve everyday in so many ways. Definitely recommend if you want to change your life or someone's. Make sure to put $20 as a bookmark to stay motivated to read ..  Pro:  1. life changer 2. will make you appreciate life overall  Con:  1. you have to read the book 2. TAKE ACTION.. just dont read the book and put it away.
Just like everyone said, the book is practically thimble-sized. The description was COMPLETELY misleading and the book is an absolute joke. At least Amazon didn't give me a hard time about returning it. They refunded the money and said I didn't need to bother returning it, which I'm sure is due to the absolute outrage of everyone who preordered (myself included) and waited weeks or months for this book only to get something that is sized for my Russian tortoise to read as opposed to an adult human. Buy another version!
This is a classic personal development book, recommended by sales and management trainers since its publishing in 1937. Financial success, Carnegie believed, is due 15 percent to professional knowledge and 85 percent to "the ability to express ideas, to assume leadership, and to arouse enthusiasm among people." Recommended by such historical figures in business and finance like Warren Buffet, Mary Kay Ash, Jim Rohn, and Oprah Winfrey. One of the greatest training manuals on "people skills" ever published!
I can see why this book is a classic. It's full of great principles, fast and hard rules for being an effective leader, and hard learned experiences of many great well known leaders. That being said some of the principles tend to overlap and excessive examples tend to beat a dead horse but overall I really enjoyed this read and definitely learned a lot.
An interesting read for anyone in any field - skills that are certainly transferable to personal, work, academic, and all other aspects of life. Carnegie teaches his lessons with stories, which makes it both enjoyable and concrete / easily understood. It did get a bit repetitive halfway through and somewhat lost my interest, but the end is once again a bit more interesting. Overall, I will definitely be applying some of what I have learned in this book to my every day life!
Great book, it gives you a whole different perspective on things whilst teaching you the history you never learned in school. I really recommend this book to anyone struggling with depression as well, it makes you see the world in a different light and helps you cope!
This book is legendary for its influence on leaders worldwide, and it more than lives up to its reputation. Within these pages are hard and practical guidelines, common sense tempered with perspective, to help anyone learn to lead and to have better relationships with the people in their lives.  This is a must read for anyone on a path to personal growth and self improvement. It’s a crash course in leadership and effective communication.
Since its first publication before WW2, it has always been important because it contains what you MUST know about getting along with people. Yes, it's an old book, but so in the Bible - so read them both.
This book is great guidance for people who wants to develop their leadship. It provides exellent tool for you to practice so you can find a way to help you to be a good team player. But, in order to get more benefit from this book, you have to practice in your daily life little by little. Otherwise, it wouldn't give your any help. I like this e-book and listen this book while I am driving everyday. I helps me a lot whenever I am working with my coworkers.  I recomment this book to anyone who wants to be a good leader in his organization.
A solid book that puts people before business to the benefit of the business!  A lot of the tips sounded like basic human courtesy to me, but I am sure they are not commonly practiced.  Everyone should read this book in today’s climate.
Game changer of a book. I can't believe it has taken me this long to read this book. While it has some outdated examples in the book due to being written in the 40's, the overall information is very helpful. If you are in management or any leadership position, then its a must read. I ended up buying the book for a co-worker so she could benefit from Carnegie's lessons. I definitely see reading this book multiple times.
This may be an old book, but it has timeless knowledge to help anyone gain an edge in workplace relations. I’ve read that some people thought it was a submissive stance that is portrayed here, but I beg to differ. The principles in this book, if utilized properly, will benefit anyone in a company or life. What a great treasure this book is and I will be giving a copy to my children to reinforce the ideas of listening to understand and not to reply
I actually bought the book a long time ago from a Borders store but this time decided to buy a digital version so I can read on the Kindle app (Not sure if I'll ever get a dedicated reading tablet since I don't like carrying large items on me). Anyhow. This book is a fantastic read. It's filled with techniques that I've implemented before I even knew about the book. The book is easy to read and the stories with examples given are entertaining. It really makes you think on how these techniques from the past can still be applied today.
I am a business student and wanted some good life lesson type reading to support a stronger mentality. Bought this book off google recommendations. The book has great life lessons every chapter on how to use proper ethics and people skills! Honestly was very entertained throughout the book. If anyone has more suggestions like this please comment under my review!
Such an amazing and relevant read in 2018 considering when this book was actually written. Dale Carnegie sounds like the kind of person you would love to sit down with and just learn from. Thank you for writing your amazingly funny, witty, and relevant thoughts down.
Whether at work, home , or otherwise, I think this book has some very useful points. The best trait you can have is knowing how to talk and I retract with people, which is seriously lacking in today's world. Decently matured people will identify some of these points as things you already do, but we can all afford to brush up on our skills and improve.
The concepts seem basic, but most of us don't practice all of these principals and suffer from it.  I'm using this book to try and teach my own teenagers how to be more likable.  Like most kids their age they struggle with "trying too hard" to be likable.  My boys mostly seem to think that if they can just be funny enough they'll be liked, and I remember thinking that way myself at their age.  I wish I had been given this book back then.  It's no wonder this book is still such a popular classic.  It contains pure gold wisdom.  By practicing simple things like smiling or focusing on others' interests we become more interesting and likable to others.  At the same time we become genuinely interested in all sorts of other people and can become a "student" of human nature.
This is the kind of knowledge that seems to have escaped the various institutions of education; replaced by field specific knowledge and rhetoric. These basic concepts of human interaction should be presented to each person, in their youth and to such a degree, so as to provide them with the best chance at successful and rewarding navigation of human relations. It should be part of the core curriculum of institutes of higher learning if not basic high school curriculum. I recommend this boom to anyone who wants more rewarding results in the personal and professional relationships.
This book should be required reading for anyone who works with other people. Despite the quaint and slightly humorous title, it provides powerful lessons in management and interpersonal skills, and is the best book on the topic I have ever come across. Some reviewers criticize the book for being "dated", because many of Carnegie's examples come from the early 20th century. I think this is irrelevant for two reasons. First, the author was using examples from the time in which he lived and worked, and second, it really wouldn't have mattered if he used examples from the ancient Roman Forum. Humans are social animals whose basic interactions, wants, and needs have not changed appreciably for thousands of years. Indeed, I believe this book is more valuable today than it was in Carnegie's time. When it was written, face to face interpersonal skills were more highly developed than in our era of home schooling, computers, video games, cubicle jobs, and the increasing isolation (desocialization) of individuals in our society. While many of his lessons may seem like "common sense", this type of common sense is woefully lacking today, even among people in management. Perhaps it seems like common sense because Carnegie's writing style is clear, concise, pragmatic, and to the point. It is devoid of the jargon and psychobabble so common in later books on the subject (Did jargon and psychobabble even exist in 1936?). For example, Carnegie points out that yelling at and deriding a coworker or employee we are unhappy with (or to use a modern example, sending a nasty E-mail) may make us feel good (I told him/her a thing or two!), but from a strategic point of view is often a disastrous choice. In a business setting, it is much like throwing a hand grenade at someone across a small crowded room. We usually hit our target, but also involve innocent bystanders and cause a lot of damage to ourselves as well. Carnegie offers several alternatives to situations like this, and many examples. Suffice it to say that I personally wish I read this book years ago, and highly recommend it.
can’ wait to begin reading the book, the book look really nice also look VERY interesting just by reading the introduction this book should be pass on from generation to generation !!!  Update : on chapter two of the book chaptee 3 of the book teach you that talk about what people want not what you want to get what you want. So Talk to my mom about what she want to convince her to buy me a new iphone and now she get me what I want by tell her what she want !!! best book to guide in life !!!
I am only halfway through and am writing a tentative review.  It is a book from a time and place but I did buy this primarily for work related issues. So far the advice is insufficient for modern business. It is always worth remembering to praise more. That said...you can trip over yourself praising and being personally interested in someone but they will forget it very quickly the first time you give them constructive feedback. It is useful to remember to fame feedback around what the employee ultimately wants but you just cannot avoid documented discipline in today’s society. There are toxic people with poor work ethics and no customer service skills who need to go. You cannot terminate an employee you have constantly praised for the 30% of their job they did well. Coworkers who know this employee is problem will think you are weak/ineffectual and never trust you to address their concerns, etc etc etc  Hopeful there will be more specific examples how to reframe feedback and approach problems differently.  It’s a classic and I am glad I am reading but it is not a relevant self-help book.
I'm not a natural leader, but all of us have some natural talents, and utilizing my few gifts I have reached a stage where as a leader I need to influence people. Recently, my self appraisal revealed that I have not done great in influencing people. My mentor who I have always admired for handling people advised me to read this book. I have just finished reading this book for the first time, and I have come to know where I erred most. I haven't become adroit at people skills yet, but I have found a resource in this book which would help me improve.
AKA how to keep people talking about themselves to you to the point where you can’t even get a word in. The TLDR version of this is literally, get the person to talk your ear off because people love to talk about themselves. Not very helpful.
If you haven't already gotten your hands on this book, do so now. Don't delay. Read it in bits, over time, but start reading it now. Apply each new principle you learn. It will change your life. You will find that some things you may already apply in your life, but you will understand by reading exactly why those things were successful and you will be able to apply them more consciously. I implemented many of the principles and man do they work effectively. This books is a total life changer. Don't miss out on it; it would be a complete shame if you do.
Lol it was not labeled as miniature book when pre ordered. This is a good example how to lose customers and anger people. 😂
I would like to begin the review by stating I have always found the title of this book incredibly off-putting.  I understand that it is meant to draw a customer’s attention, but the title, to me, does not at all represent the product.  This book is not a self-help book for people who want to make friends.  It is a book that reiterates the basic tenants of leadership in a work environment.  Point being, don’t let the kitsch title keep you from giving this book a chance, there is good information here.  My father handed this book to me when I was a young adult and I was about to make the leap into the working world.  He told me that it held the keys to effective leadership.  I bucked against reading it for a while before finally relenting (I was a precocious teenager and obviously already knew everything the world had to offer), and again, the title of the book seriously repelled me.  Since initially relenting, I have now read this book multiple times throughout the years, and it never fails to pull me back into reality.  From time to time I even find myself subconsciously summarizing Carnegie while hosting leadership training or while mentoring my workers.  This almost always prompts me to pick the book back up again.  (I really enjoy reading through all of the notes I've scribbled in the margins over the years.  It's always an interesting dive into your own subconscious through the ability to see such a time capsule: what is basically a time-stamped example of opinions and the ever-changing priorities of your own ideals.  That is neither here nor there though; my love for actual physical books as well as my preference for writing my responses and opinions all over the pages is not really relevant to this review.  Just a tangent.)  What I find so intriguing about Carnegie's concepts are that they are so obviously all just common sense.  There are absolutely *zero* revelations here.  You will learn nothing new about interpersonal relationships, leadership, or mentorship; every new chapter that you embark on is so 'in-your-face' obvious that you almost want to smack your own forehead like an over-dramatic soap opera star; stating "OF COURSE".  Despite this fact; (I personally feel) it really is important to read all of these *truths* of life... ironically enough, exactly because they are such common sense statements:  ** The "well, duh" aspect of Carnegie's "rules" is the very same trait that allows us to breeze right on past them in our daily life. **   Because every single one of these "rules" is a statement that we all assume to be an innate and universally understood fact of human life, they are never actually in the forefront of our minds.  This means that they become almost immediately forgettable because we already understand them to be true - and therefore we assume that they already inform our behavior; but in reality, we have simply acknowledged them as truth and stuffed them into a tiny little corner of our memory.  Reading Carnegie's book shines a spotlight onto that corner, blows the mounds of dust off these ideas, and prompts us to compare our recent behaviors against these "known" truths. This is the reason why I have read Carnegie's book so many times.  For me, it almost feels like re-orienting your personal compass.  No matter how many times I pull these rules to the forefront of my consciousness, because of their nature as such obvious truths, they always subtly begin to slip back into the recesses of my mind.  I like to pull out this book every so often and give my brain a nice jolt.  There is no need to even sit down and read the entire book at once, it is organized as a list that is already categorized into sections relative to specific sub-tasks involved in interpersonal communication.  “How to Win Friends and Influence People” is one of Warren Buffett’s favorite books, so if you’re a working professional that’s probably enough to pique your interest.  It was originally written in 1937 and draws key wisdom from the lives of Abraham Lincoln and contemporary psychology of the time, namely the works of Sigmund Freud.  Despite this, the information remains relevant - which I find to be quite a feat.  Many of the statements Carnegie makes are actually reminiscent of Skinner’s operant conditioning, although I don’t believe he ever outright states this.  To give a brief summary, the book is broken into segments titled: “techniques in handling people”, “ways to make people like you”, “win people to your way of thinking”, and “be a leader: how to change people without giving offense or arousing resentment”.  Each of these segments includes chapters that explain the subsequent “rules” and provide interesting examples.  Again, I would like to point out that this is not a book for people looking to make friends; despite one of some of the segment titles, such as: “ways to make people like you”, it does not preach methods of fostering friendships - instead this particular segment is pertinent to leadership because of Carnegie’s statement earlier on that: people will never do anything unless they actually *want* to do so.  This is a truth of life; you can use your position of power to compel (force) a person into completing a task, but unless you create an actual want or desire within that person, they will cease their actions as soon as that power is removed (or you turn your back).  Thus, the segment about making people like you provides rules that are geared toward earning your worker’s trust and respect so that they actually want to work for you, vice using your position of power to essentially strong-arm them into doing your bidding.   Here are the segments and rules:  Techniques in Handling People:   Don’t criticize, condemn, or complain. Give honest and sincere appreciation. Arouse in the other person an eager want.  Six Ways to Make People Like You: Become genuinely interested in other people. Smile. Remember that a person’s name is to that person the sweetest and most important sound in any language. Be a good listener.  Encourage others to talk about themselves. Talk in terms of the other person’s interests. Make the other person feel important - and do it sincerely.  Win People to Your Way of Thinking: The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it. Show respect for the other person’s opinions.  Never say, “you’re wrong”. If you are wrong, admit it quickly and emphatically. Begin in a friendly way. Get the other person saying “yes, yes” immediately. Let the other person do a great deal of the talking. Let the other person feel that the idea is his or hers. Try honestly to see things from the other person’s point of view. Be sympathetic with the other person’s ideas and desires. Appeal to the nobler motives. Dramatize your ideas. Throw down a challenge.  Be a Leader: How to Change People Without Giving Offense or Arousing Resentment: Begin with praise and honest appreciation. Call attention to people’s mistakes indirectly. Talk about your own mistakes before criticizing the other person. Ask questions instead of giving direct orders. Let the other person save face. Praise the slightest improvement and praise every improvement.  Be “hearty in your approbation and lavish in your praise.” Give the other person a fine reputation to live up to. Use encouragement.  Make the fault seem easy to correct. Make the other person happy about doing the thing you suggest.   Again, this all seems like common sense when you read it, but in practice it does become much more difficult to stick to - especially when you personally are put-off (or simply just dislike) one or some of the people that you work with on a daily basis.  It’s also difficult to remember that you are not always the person in the position of power; often you are on the other end of these situations and must give up the controlling position in the conversation - let them lead.  It’s key to keep in mind (and Carnegie reiterates this) that no matter what situation you walk into, whether you are the person who is leading the change, or whether you are the person who needs to undergo change, the person with whom you are conversing ALWAYS believes that they are superior to you in some way.  It does not matter how exceptional or horrible their work performance may be, they truly and sincerely believe that they are the superior person even if they do not state this, and even if they pander to you as if you are someone they look up to.  Carnegie also emphasizes how important it is to avoid arguments.  He states that even if you “win” an argument you are still the loser.  The results are all negative.  You never want to humiliate a person, you will loose the trust and respect that you’ve worked to build.  He quotes and old saying “A man convinced against his will/Is of the same opinion still”; meaning they may relent in the moment, but in actuality you may have solidified their original opinion by putting them in a position to defend it.  Its quite difficult to avoid arguments because it’s human nature to meet aggression with aggression - we have to consciously make the choice to sit back and let a person release their ill-will without meeting them there.  Take that verbal beating!  The biggest point I always get from reading this book is how paramount and fragile the human ego is.  It’s the driving factor behind the opinions and actions of every human on earth.  At the end of the way, everyone is concerned with themselves.  There are no truly selfless acts, someone is always “getting something” (fulfilling some need) from their actions, even if it is simply a feeling of importance or happiness.  Every single person on earth is starved for attention and/or recognition in some way.  They want to be seen, no matter if they are willing to admit this to others (or even to themselves).  If you can fulfill that need for them, you’ve got them.  It is so key to simply make it known that “I see you”.  Anyway, I know this is a long and winding review, but my points are thus: if you are looking for a self-help book that will provide teachings on how to make friends, this is not for you.  If you are a working professional who is, or may be placed into, a position of leadership - this book is definitely for you.  Even if you do not think you need any advice (because you’ve obviously already the best!), this book is priceless.  It not only provides you insight into your own actions, but gives you a window into the actions and choices of those you work with/for.  As stated, we are not always the main player in a situation, sometimes we are the person that this book talks about dealing with.  Sitting back and letting the other person take charge (while understanding where they are coming from) also makes us better workers.  Everyone is both a subordinate and a leader; everyone has someone else they answer to.  A full birds-eye view of the situation can only provide us with more tools for our toolbox!
This book is a great start to understanding how to present yourself and communicate in interpersonal (both professional and personal) relationships. Reading the book isn't enough, though, you must also work hard and practice the concepts provided. It's written in a very accessible style, is easy to read, and is clearly informative.
I can definitely see why this is a timeless book.  It really leaves you with epiphanies of common sense you always knew deep down.  Quirks: Reads very ADHD-like.  Short stories just run over each other.  I constantly write in it and take notes.  It feels a bit like a bible for the golden rule - they both share great stories and probably have to be read many, many times to absorb a decent amount.  It will take much effort to apply the lessons learned.
This book is amazing! It was randomly recommended to me by a customer when I was working in retail. I decided to order it, and ended up reading it before I started a new position at a different company and felt it helped me to develop good working relationships. I have also felt that my friendships have strengthened after reading this book.
The Kindle version of this book is extremely poorly formatted. It contains lots of grammar and spelling errors. The publisher should be ashamed for ruining an otherwise very good book. Why?
A personal favorite and could make everyone get along better if we all read it.
Although I do not typically read these sort of works, in the case of Dale Carnegie’s book I felt compelled to do so because it comes so highly regarded. Having given it a close read over the last few days, I feel inclined to share my thoughts on it. In what follows, I will discuss the structure, rigor, and content of the book.  First, this book is very loosely structured. It is divided into four parts, each of which contains a handful of chapters. While it is easy to see why each chapter goes in which part of the book, there is no real logical connection from one chapter to the next. In fact, changing the order of certain chapters would arguably make for a better read overall. Take part two of the book, for example. Here, Carnegie lists his ‘Six Ways to Make People Like You’, where each principle gets its own chapter. There seems to have been no thought given as to how these six principles could be sensibly arranged—they’ve just been randomly mixed together. While I admit that what follows may not be the best possible alternative, it nevertheless seems to make sense to me. Perhaps the six principles ought to be rearranged based on the order in which they typically come to bear, or as follows: (1) smile; (2) remember (and use) the person’s name; (3) become genuinely interested in them; (4) be a good listener and ask questions; (5) keep the conversation centered on their interests; and, as a general culmination of everything, (6) make them feel important. Given the script that an encounter with someone new typically follows, that ordering would make the most sense. Rearranging the six principles in this way, then, could potentially help readers better remember and utilize them. To be sure, ‘Six Ways to Make People Like You’ is just the second part in a four-part book, but it illustrates the book’s general lack of structure all the same. In a word, I believe that the structure of the book is poor.  Second, this book lacks intellectual rigor. At heart, it is a work of psychology. However, the number of psych studies mentioned throughout the book can practically be counted on one hand. (And of those, how many were double-blind and peer-reviewed?) To support his claims, Carnegie relies primarily on cherry-picked anecdotes, random bits of history, and a grab-bag of quotes from authors, philosophers, presidents, and the like. Although the sheer breadth and quantity of his references may seem impressive at first blush, those who reflect in any detail on the nature of Carnegie’s ‘evidence’ will recognize that it provides weak support for his claims, at best. What’s more, most of his claims are completely unqualified. For example, he does not mention any instances in which smiling may actually cause people to dislike you. He does not address any scenarios where your ‘genuine interest’ in another person may come across as over-the-top and even frightening. He ignores the fact that beyond a point you can (and perhaps even should) stop calling your best friend by their name every time you address them. In short, Carnegie doesn’t provide much good evidence for his claims, the ‘evidence’ he does provide would reduce psychologists to tears of laughter, and his claims are altogether devoid of any subtlety or nuance. Thus, I maintain that the book lacks intellectual rigor.  Third, proportionally speaking, this book is about 1% content. The vast majority of actual content can be found in the first few sentences, the last few sentences, and the principle stated in each chapter. Unfortunately, as has been noted in other reviews, all of these principles are utterly pedestrian. The other 99% of the book consists almost exclusively of anecdotes, random quotes, the author repeating himself, and other fluff. I admit that these statements sound extremely hyperbolic, so I will try to give the reader a sense of what the experience of reading this book is actually like. Throughout the book, Carnegie transitions seamlessly from one tiresome anecdote, quote, or other bit of fluff to the next. He’ll spend a few paragraphs describing the time that Theodore Roosevelt was polite to a kitchen maid at the White House; then he’ll drop a loosely-related line from Emerson on which he’ll provide little to no elaboration; that spontaneous Emerson quote will be followed by his gushing effusively over the success of some salesman who took his class; having recollected himself, he will then declare that if there is one thing to take away from his book, it is Principle X; since Principle X is so important, he will repeat himself again for emphasis; finally, Carnegie will make his way back to Theodore Roosevelt (although he seems to have also been quite fond of Abraham Lincoln). As if this weren’t bad enough, the banality is compounded as Carnegie belabors the point that Principle X applies not only in workplace interactions, but also in social interactions, and in familial interactions, too. Queue another story about some president, a quote from Socrates, a plug for his class, and so on. Then queue another story, quote, and plug for good measure. Finally, the monotony is even further compounded by the fact that every single chapter follows this formula. He moves from Principle X, to Principle Y, to Principle Z, and on and on and on. Most readers will have the distinct impression that they are reading the same few paragraphs over and over again. To put it bluntly, in light of its general lack of substance and insane amount of repetition, I submit that the book has little in the way of content.  In closing, I would like to stress that all of the foregoing is simply my personal opinion. I am sure there are many who feel differently about Carnegie’s book, and I am glad that so many people have enjoyed it. Unfortunately, for my part, I found it to be lackluster for the reasons mentioned above.
The author spends a lot of time telling stories. I felt like a student listening to a boring lecture from a person with very little personality. You can read the principle at the end of each chapter and get more out of the book.
Overall I really liked this book.  However, even though it is a very short read, I think it could have gotten the points across in even less words.
Over the years many people told me to read this. I was hesitant and kept putting it aside. So glad I decided to pick it up though! Teaches the reader how to be a kind and influential leader. I love the stories and the way Carnegie teaches. Quick read that is well worth your time.
The lessons here seem self-evident and, should you decide to view them that way,a bit self-serving. However obvious these lessons may be, far too many people fail to understand how to interact positively with their fellow humans and I think that is why this book still has value. The real key here is to not forget the simple lessons that we should all put into action in our lives every day to make both those around us and ourselves happier. Carnegie emphasizes the need to not just read about this stuff but to remind ourselves constantly how to behave. What can it hurt to be reminded to smile?
It took me a while to finish reading, but I have to say by far this is one of the best books you can read when it comes to personal development.  The principles shared in the book are basic, however, they just make sense and when applied, they can completely change the way you interact with people.  I have used the principles taught in this book many times and I have recommended this book to all my friends.  I think it might even be time to read it again!
This should be mandatory reading for everyone at an early age.  How my life would have been easier had I known this sooner!  It's all about human nature, all true, very insightful.  You know all this, you've lived through it, you've notice how things can go badly when you least expected it but Arghhh... of course, how stupid am I?  Hindsight's 20/20!!!  So you still need someone to tell you ahead of time because we're all human and we act before we think and plan and plot...  This is all about how to REACT and behave so our behavior will work for us not against us.  Read it, it'll save you a lot of grief.
One of the best books for EQ Development. This is not a self help book but more of a text book of facts that if applied, can help any person flourish socially.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who has not read it. Read, rinse and repeat ;)
Read with an open mind. Think to yourself that you do not have all the answers in life and that perhaps Mr. Carnegie knew a few things you don't. You will find your world changed after reading and applying the concepts in this book!
I have noticed such an improvement in interpersonal skills since reading this book and applying the principles in everyday interactions. As a military leader, these concepts are crucial in effectively inspiring my people to follow and do great things. If you really want to become an influential leader and win friends, read this book.
I came into this book with some level of apprehension; the title sounds so manipulative that it is almost off putting. However it was so highly recommended that I knew I needed to try it, and boy was I glad I did.  This isn't so much a book on how to influence people through manipulation as it is an exploration into the workings of the human mind and consciousness. You don't learn how to magically control people, and how to make everyone your friend; rather, you learn how people respond to simple acts of kindness and deference. So many of the things he writes about are so self-evident that the examples he provides are at times not even necessary. What is striking is that this book is written so long ago, and the anecdotes that Carnegie uses would at first though be antiquated; however what really speaks to the power of this book is that even though the problems that he discusses are incredibly out-dated the reader can easily connect to all of them. I found this incredibly interesting, as I, a 28 year old guy was connecting with some man he describes in the story being frustrated in his dealings with the telephone switchboard ladies.  I cannot recommend this book highly enough. This book should be required high school reading, and if I were the CEO of a company all my employees would be required to read it as well.
Most people know how good this book is already, so there isn't much to say.  It's fantastic how Carnegie mixes in philosophies from the 100's of years, from Babylon to Roosevelt.  It's not all just about what he has to say himself.  I'm a software engineer, you would think I would not have much need for such a book in my profession.  But having to work with product managers and sort through backlogs of features and fixes we want to do, I keep in the back of my mind some of the words of wisdom from this book in order to gain influence, particularly if you can make the idea seem as it was theirs.  I was personally pleased with myself to find that several of the topics in this book I was already practicing, some of it is just common sense (i.e. people do not like to be criticized, the importance of remembering people's names).
This book is a life changer and that is rare for me to say about a book (seeing as how I lack the patience normally to force myself to read a self-help book.) How to Win Friends & Influence People is a surprisingly interesting read and I highly recommend it. The advice given throughout this book can be applied to all relationships and I'm using it to improve the relationships I have with my family as well as to become a better businesswoman. I have a very weak attention span and found this book to be so intriguing that I actually crave to read further. The stories told really hit home for me. It is so simple, so eloquently written, that It will be beneficial read to anyone who isn't a complete recluse or already practicing all of rules laid out in the book.
I am so glad I got the audio CD copy.  The reader was perfect for the subject and the book was so good 5 other people listened to it.  We all agreed that though it was written a while ago, it was very life and business pertinent.  A must read for those wanting to excel in all areas of life.
Although it is true that "How To Win Friends and Influence People" is a decent read, there is nothing outside of common sense here. If a person is totally green as to how to make friend or influence people, this book is for them. For intelligent and sensible people, this may just be more of what you know. WELL WRITTEN, FLOWING PARAGRAPHS.
If you are like me and are way too concerned about how people think about you, this book will ensure you make real friends - not the kind that secretly hate you behind your back. Dale Carnegie sort of writes as if he were teaching a class, that is, casually and therefore not like a monotonous essay, making the reading very enjoyable and easy to understand. The tips he gives are so good that, if applied correctly, will have you making friends left and right.  Personally, I found the first half of the book more useful/applicable for me, since it focused more on general social skills, while the second half had to do more so with business etiquette and being a like able leader.  All-in-all, this book is definitely worth a read, no matter who you are.
The notions, techniques, and explorations presented in this book are the perfect framework to achieve better relationships with those pesky humans with whom you happen to inhabit the earth.  Repetitious at times, but for good reason, the lessons in this book will surely help even the most curt, abrasive, and insulting among us become charming, thoughtful, more productive members of society! Great for people aspiring to lead others and develop more meaningful connections with the ones they care for and interact with during the course of their lives.  I will be sure to reference this book routinely to make sure that I am holding myself to the standards set within this text. I look forward to exploring the benefits and interpersonal growth from practicing the techniques contained within.
I bought the audio version of this to listen to on the way to and from work (45 min each way).  The reader took a second to get used to, but after the initial couple of chapters, I realize he is perfect for the character.  It's a little dated and male dominant, but it does make some really great points and is extremely funny at points when it's not meant to be.  There is a lot of insider history of several people who I found interesting.  Wish there was a way to download this into my personality and be a better person to other people.  Makes you think.
Just got my book and there are black smudges going down the side of the pages and I can’t see the words on it.
I have started applying some principles in the book, i see how they are effective. I’ve even printed the principles and put them on my desk for reminders.
Truer words were never spoken.  It's definitely great rules for all of us to live by.  There would be less hatred and fighting if everyone practiced these rules.  Even if you've read the book in your earlier days, as I have, it was good to reread and refresh my memory.  It also allowed me to look back at my life and see if I lived by these standards.  I would say for the most part, I did.  It's a good book to always keep at hands reach.  Sometimes we come across a situation and not quite sure how to handle it.  This book is as a Bible.  You'll find your solutions to sticky situations in it.  This should be mandatory reading for everyone, young and old.
I’m on page 89 right now, this is a great book that I think everyone should read, I love it and I’m excited to finish reading it. You won’t be disappointed. The book is originally from the 1930’s so it’s really interesting to in addition to taking what the author is trying to get across to the reader, also taking a look back in time, the book is sort of a glimpse into this time period which is fascinating.
A must read for everyone.  With things as they are I wish I could force everyone in the world to read this book.  I read it before and my old copy fell apart.  Read this every year and you will get ahead in whatever you do.  My take on it in a nutshell is, Listen rather than speak, respect everyone's right to be who they are, if we did that the world would be a much better place.
Even if you read this book before, you'll benefit greatly by reacquainting with its messages.  I read the book about 30 years ago, but as time went on I wasn't practicing it's teaching's very well.  Win Friends was written before I was born, but the message is just as applicable today as then.  I began following his advice again, and found people respond well to a smile and considerate attitude and are more likely to return the favor.  I should have heeded his urging to reread this book frequently; it would have saved me a lot of heartache.  Another good read is his How to Stop Worrying and Start Living.  He's right: many people spend too much  time worrying about stuff  they really can't control, and a whole lot of the other stuff we obsess isn't worth it.  Too many of us agonize about past mistakes that can't be undone anyway.  As he advises, don't dwell in the past and miss the future.
There is nothing new that teaches in this book, it is more of reminding the basics! The age where people are going crazy, this book will bring you back to teach you a few things about t how to deal with humans to be you a better human. I’d recommend this one to read at a very early age (say may be in high school) and re-visit again when you are out of college to see how you improved and what you need to work on. Well, not the least, should be read by everyone irrespective of age and stage of life.
A classic worth reading again and again!  I specially enjoyed reading with "Immersion Reading" (eBook file synchronized with audible audio file).  I found the wisdom offered in this book to be very valuable also in the medical field, and not only in business.  I think that if we all would relate to others according to the principles taught in this book, over 90% of the conflicts would immediately disappear and most most places would  become rewarding environments.
My biggest regret, is not reading this book when my mother gave it to me when I was a teenager. I finally did read it, several times! I learned so much and, it wasn't just dull information. The principals are presented in anecdotal form that is enjoyable to read. I've since bought numerous copies, and given all my children their own copies. I reread it frequently, so I don't forget. I can honestly say, it made a huge difference in my life.
I read this book, along with HOW TO DEVELOP SELF-CONFIDENCE & INFLUENCE PEOPLE WITH PUBLIC SPEAKING by Dale Carnegie, Inc., before I gave an oral book presentation of my book to the LOS ANGELES ATAXIA SUPPORT GROUP because I really wanted to do a good job. With the help of these marvelous books-the book presentation was a real success. I  read this book, HOW TO WIN FRIENDS & INFLUENCE PEOPLE, and took notes on index cards so that I can re-read my notes and this wonderful information many times. Here are a few key points: -Criticism causes people's defenses to emerge and honest flies out the window. Don't criticize or condemn. -Flattery is selfish, insincere, and shalllow. Approbation is genuine and strokes the othere person's ego. Flattery is counterfeit. Appreciation is the legal tender that all souls enjoy and need. Hurting people not only does not change them, but is uncalled for. Give honest and sincere approbation. -Arouse in the other person an eager want. If there is any one secret of success irt lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that angle as well as from your own. Self-expression is the dominant necessity of human nature. (There is a strong need for awareness of Cerebellar Ataxia, which I am suffering from, as well as the other types of Ataxia. With my book, I hope to raise awareness of my neurological, progressive, genetic disorder.) Above are a few of the key points of this wonderful book. My book is called Dreams in August: Life, Love, and Cerebellar Ataxia
This is a great, easy to read book. Unlike many other things I read, this is in a very conversational, easy to follow and easy to understand tone. I ignored this book for some years because I didn't think I needed a book to tell me how to improve socially. At the advice of a friend I caved and I'm glad I did. Carnegie, in simple, easy to remember, attainable steps, lays things out. I can easily see how the instructions in this book will be useful in furthering my career and making more friends.
This book is one of the most personally influential books I've ever read.  It has made me a better boss, a better employee, a better husband, father, son, sibling, and friend.  It has improve my life and improve my relationships across the board. I reread this book every year or two and have created my own cliff note which I review regularly.  I can honestly say this book has changed my life for the better.  I cannot recommend it enough.
Apart from the title of this book, it is really great. I had several reactions from people when reading it, all negative. So what is it with this title? Actually, it is really 'How to sell with a bad title'. That's where our reviews come to the rescue!  This book is all about why people behave the way they do and what make friendships work. There are no shortcuts in friendship and although influence can be bought with money, this is not what this book is about.  So what is this book about? It's about opening your eyes to reality and understanding why we make friends and have influence. When you understand this, it certainly makes making friends and having influence easier. It does not guarantee, however, that you eventually have friends and influence.  Dale Carnegie's writings are fun and learnsome to read and are a really good help to anyone who wants to improve himself in having friends and influence. Let's hope I make you my friend when you read the book because of this review!
I read this book when I was 10 years old (I'm 34 years old now) - my dad recommended it. This book taught me several amazing life lessons that transformed my social skills. Definitely recommend it!
I purchased this after watching a documentary on Warren Buffet. Turns out that Warren Buffet was having a hard time selling his ideas to people in his early 20s. He bought this exact book to learn how to... well... win friends and influence people. 10 years later he was a billionaire.  I'm no billionaire, and I can guarantee I never will be, but I found this book useful.  It basically tells you how to reshape your frame of reference, paradigm, or whatever you want to call it. While telling entertaining anecdotes (as Dale Carnegie always does), and learning about a bygone era (it was written in 1938), you obtain a clear path to reinventing how you see and interact with people.
So much of Carnegie's philosophy seems like common sense, yet so much of it is rarely used in daily interactions. Conflicts could be resolved much more readily if everyone applied these concepts.  I would like to know, however, how Carnegie would suggest coping when these strategies don't work. If used properly, the techniques should yield fruitful results. But we all know those people, of course, whose positions and dispositions never soften. Carnegie leaves out how we can effectively approach these situations.  Otherwise, the advice provided in this book is sound, and it can help just about anyone to improve upon personal and professional relationships.
I picked up the book because it was on Bill Gates reading list. Little did I know I would re-educate and ground myself on the most fundamental yet powerful principles for relationship development. What’s even better is the fact I’ve applied these principles, as I read them, with successful results.
It's true...this is a great book, especially for those interested in the ART of communication.  The introduction suggests the best way to approach the book (first skim, then, reread the chapters) and it's probably best to follow those instructions.  Also, pay close attention to the chapter summaries, they really help galvanize the points.  After reading the book, you will better understand the beauty of listening. This is where the book makes its mark.  It's amazing how poorly we listen to one another. If you stop and listen to two people having a conversation, pay attention to the responses made by the second person in the conversation.  Often times, you'll notice that instead of responding to what was said, listeners often try to establish their prior points.  In the end, the big lesson boils down to good ole fashion conversational courtesy. Add this one to your library and read it often, you won't regret it.
Classic. I've read this multiple times and it energizes me every time. It's remarkable how something that was written so long ago (some of the examples used elicit great nostalgia) is more relevant today than ever. Our world is changing... We're more connected than we've ever been but our interpersonal skills have never been worse. Dale Carnegie's insight is needed now more than ever.
Reading the interesting concepts is great but putting them into practice takes time and effort.
What can I add about one of the books most ever read after the Bible in a simple review ?  Well, I think that Dale Carnegie found a practical application of the Ancient Jewish Principles encompassed in the "Ethics of the Fathers" and in the Jewish Torah itself altogether, and this is one of the reasons why the book became so successful, it is backed by four thousand years old wisdom, the time mankind took to evolve into a civilization  During the 20th century, Dale Carnegie got to the same conclusion that, King Solomon, the wisest of the Jewish Sages,  had reached almost three thousand years ago, "..vanity of vanities; all is vanity.."  I can also add, that the first time I took myself to apply the principles detailed by Carnegie to solve a problem, the people I was negotiating with not only expressed their total satisfaction for the solution I had found, they also congratulated me, and, frankly, I did not expect that reaction  And then, for the first time, I realized that knowing how to deal with people is as important in life as having the best education one can afford.  If you have finished college and thought you have graduated, first read this book, I can assure you that your life will change for the better
Didn’t realize the copy I would receive was going to have been printed in 1981 with high lighter marks. Not Cool! I’m certain it’s been revised since then. Should’ve just went to the library.
Excellent book.  It provides example after example of how the principles have been used in real life to great success and is very interesting.  I would argue that you can quickly start using the principles that the book covers and see immediate results as I did.  This is a very simple, straight forward, and effective guide to self-improvement.
This was a great book and after reading it I have learned that we use so much of this subconsciously. After reading it I realized how much more I am now using these tactics. I may not think of them as often, but after many encounters I realized I use these strategies more than I knew. Now I just need to use them consciously to truly grow as the person I want to be
I read a lot of personal development but this is actually one that I've never taken the time to read.  I run a team of health and fitness coaches and we are committing to a different book each month, and this was the first one picked.  Although the writing style is different than more contemporary styles of more recent books, it is still full of valuable information to help anyone become better at interacting with others everyday.  "How to Win Friends and Influence People" will make anyone who reads it and puts the advice into practice a better leader, parent, spouse, business owner, supervisor or whatever other roles one fills throughout their lives.
I am not an avid reader, in fact, you'll rarely catch me reading a book when I could be listening to the audio book version.  Well, I listened to the audio version of this book TWICE, and hung on every word, but found myself forgetting several of the points made or quotes.  I decided the best way for me to really internalize this book and apply its principles to my life was to buy a hard copy, read and highlight it.  As a high school track coach, it is very important to me that I have good interpersonal communication skills and am able to quickly create meaningful relationships with my athletes.  I have to be able to be a leader, get things accomplished, earn their respect, and motivate them, which can only be done if they like me!  This book shares so many great insights into handling your relationships with people, no matter the situation.  Doesn't matter if it's your relationship with your spouse, or you're a CEO of a fortune 500 company, this book will help you improve your relationships as long as you're willing to apply the principles discussed.  There's a reason why this book was written roughly 100 years ago, and is still on the top of nearly all lists naming the most influential books.  Though some of the stories and imagery are outdated, the principles still ring true today!  Buy this book and start creating the relationships you've always wanted!
I've been reading this book for over 50 years.  When you're suffering from some relationship this book has some answers. Or just for leasure reading it can gift you a lift in your daily life by opening up to any page, where I'm certain you'll find a similar situation with a solution to follow.  This book should be kept right next to your Bible.  They both have answers and they're both great references for courses in Human Nature which is not offered in any college in the land...... Jno Watts, League City Texas
I had the wonderful opportunity to read "How to win friends and influence people", what an offering from mr. Dale Carnegie. My life got better because my mental attitude got way better during and after reading this book. I bought a copy for my friend, and i recommend this book to anybody. 10 stars to the author.
Love the book, hope to read it again soon.  Great book on people relations/skills.  Very helpful. I gave this book to my brother  because Since I already is my own copy.  Hope to give a copy to our sons  for Christmas this Year
Love this book.  An easy read and a good quality hard cover. Highly recommend this book for everyone and anyone - seriously, read this book if you haven't yet. Bought one for myself and one for my best.  She is super excited to read it after I told her how great it is. Would be awesome for a class, book club, or any one who likes to read or doesn't think they like to read.
How I wish I had read this book 20 years ago. A book written for so long and continues to inspire change.
I think this book is an absolute must read, and contains a lot of great advice. While a lot of people say that the majority of the advice is "common sense", I meet a lot of people who don't follow it. While I don't think I'd buy into the hype of saying that reading this book will immediately make you likable, successful, and wealthy, I do feel that following the advice will at the very least make you a much more pleasant person to interact with. Whether this will lead you to be more successful, no one can really say, but I'd find it hard to believe that people wouldn't want to work with you if you were following the tips in this book.
This book was written almost 80 years ago, yet so much of it holds true today.  I purchased the Kindle version of this book and I must say, the lookup function on the Kindle aided me greatly in understanding the book--a lot of the words in this book are words of my grandparents and great grandparents.  I read this book on the way up to job interviews and it aided me greatly--I know I made more of a splash with my job interviewers than I would have without reading this book.  I've avoided some conflicts and gotten my way in my personal life as a result of things gleaned from this book.  There is nothing profound in this book that I didn't already know, but the examples used in making the authors points are very easy to understand.  This book should be a must-read book in high school and college--the world would be a better place.  I recommend this book without hesitation.
So far it's a very good book. And was fairly inexpensive. I would recommend it. It is a widely known book also. I actually heard about it on a movie.
This book changed my perspective on many things. The examples and complete sense made through each example of the principles helped improve my demeanor at work and with every overall social interaction. I used to get complaints. Now corporate gets emails praising me for my change in attitude. This book will help you deal with difficult people and the values can be applied in any situation in every day life. This is a must read.
Overall, everyone needs to read this book. Its a classic for a reason. The problem is, 90% of this book could be completely omitted while still retaining the original message it was trying to deliver.  The layout goes like this: -great point is made -brief description of great point -example of great point -example of great point -example -example -on and on and on  Search up the wikipedia article on this book, it goes over every point Mr. Carnegie makes without the fluff this book contains
It’s easy to see why this book is so popular - the tips within it are timeless, simple, yet ingenious. They can be applied to personal and professional relationships, and it really opened my eyes to understanding human psychology in a relatable way. It is full of real world examples illustrating each point in an interesting way so the book doesn’t feel like a bunch of Do This Because I Said So principles.I found myself highlighting dozens of lines, and re-reading chapters. Will keep around for re-reading
Overall this book makes some good points. It tells great stories to back the point. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that it seemed to me that the overall gist of his message is this: It is all about the other person - everything people do is for themselves. By far the best quote to sum up this book is "a man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still". Whether you are needing to correct or adjust the overall thought is that you make it all about them whether that is commending them or helping them see how it helps them or ask questions to have them think it is their idea. As stated, it had good suggestions and stories, but as I read it felt to me like the book kept saying the same overall point. By the last chapters I found myself reading much faster saying to myself, "I got it, it's about them" altough I will confess it has helped me to change my approaches in sales and communication.
Must read for people, like me, who are not "great" in communication and charisma. You need to allocate some attention and time to this book, as it is not from the type of books that you go through them just once. Be prepared to thorogh reading and making notes, and you will notice how your social life, I can say the whole life changes after reading merely several chapters.  Definitely in my list of 10 best self-improvment books.  Reccomend
There was a distant era when common sense was more or less, well, common. How to Win Friends and Influence People is like a lost dispatch from that long ago time. It is complete with delightfully archaic second-hand testimonials from people like Ebenezer Whooping Cough of the Long Island Buggy-Whip Company. A star of Sharknado 2 named Wil Wheaton boiled the book down to a core statement, Don't Be a Dick.  The book does contain some basic truths about listening, kindness and consideration. Those notes should ring true in any era.
"The most motivational book of all time." No matter what life presents, "managing personal relationships more effectively," managing all relationships, can improve life. Clear and precise as life allowed in 1937, when first published, this book offers perspectives maybe not possible today without the simpler way life seems to have been prior to technology changes. Certainly having; "a positive approach," or realizing "the majority of success in life depends on our ability to communicate and manage," can make everything in life better. Maybe then, life will become the potential humans are capable of, making the world better for all humanity. Like most things, this book contains information which possibly might prove just the insight needed to improve life. Highly recommend for the fresh direct positive manner. This book resides in the pile of books referred to often for inspiration trying to keep positive. Everything can change and every relationship is another chance to start sharing the change.
It says it is the only book you need to lead you to success. I think it might be a little exaggerated but the book is brilliant. A lot of lessons to learn, simple things that can truly make you a person people want to talk to and engage with and could potentially, change the way you approach dealing with people.
Although this book was written in the 1930s, the advice and tips still apply today.  Carnagie's explanations, samples of actual events and how to handle circumstances are on point - I wish he were still alive because I would definitely take the personal development courses with him as the instructor.  What a facinating man!
No matter the type business/work you do, this is an essential read to manage not only the results of your interactions with others, but our own preconceptions and actions.
Without a doubt one of the most influential books of my adult life. I first tried to read the version updated for the digital age and didn’t make it halfway, because it lacked the iconic voice of Mr. Carnegie. I’m so thankful I have this version a shot. Applying any of the principles elaborated in this book - any at all - will make you a stronger communicator, better leader, and happier person. Pick up a copy.
A very easy to read book with wonderful suggestions to be a better leader not only at work , it can be use at home, I recommend this book to everybody who wants to have a better idea of how to handle people
Sometimes it feels like you have to be told what the right thing to do is, and then you must do it. It's not a religious book but I'm struck at one of the principles is basically the proverb "It's better to GIVE than to receive." "Love" and concern for others should flow outwardly, instead of this inward, selfish, self serving interests, which is mainly what the world practices.
Seriously. This book is insane! I read it ~8 months ago (March 2018) and it change my whole view of the world. Since reading it, I use the lessons in it every day and have become a more effective communicator because of it. The top 3 lessons I learned are: 1. always use people's names 2. ask others questions about themselves 3. talk in terms of the other person's interests  At first, I was apprehensive about buying this book because the title, to me, seemed kind of "sleazy" but this book is nothing but gold! You have to buy it. I promise it will change your view of the world and improve your life. This is coming from a high schooler, so the lessons are applicable for all age groups and types of people. You have to pick it up today!
I received my copy as a gift from a manager.  It was very meaningful and very helpful.  Now I purchase this book for people that I am promoting at work.  It's a gentle reminder to keep working and growing and a classic text that will provide you insights and new ideas no matter how many times you read it.
Great book.  I love all he historical examples the author gives you that deal with different situations and how we should handle those situations.  Very well written. I wrote down a list of quotes that really stood out to me and teach me how to deal with people a lot better and improve my own communication and listing skills. I highly recommend this book to anyone looking to improve their communication and other skill when we deal with people every single minute of the day at work or at home.
This mirrors some basic ethos from other classics, just to a different tune.  I found this to be a more "happy version" of some tenets of The Prince and Book of the Courtier.  I'm happy to have read this--it flows well and many truths to it albeit they're of scientifically argued for.  Nonetheless, I recommend.
I am doing research and supplemental reading to support my emotional intelligence coaching practice and it was recommended that I read this book.  Although the discovery (or, should I say resurgence) of the EI field has just gained momentum over the past few years, this decades old book was espousing many of the same principles. I guess there really is nothing new under the sun!
A classic book from the 1930’s that has stood the test of time and change. I use to own a copy and gave it to an employee at one point. Just had to buy another one.
this book should be read by everyone and often.  it certainly proves how Dale Carnegie made his life successful.  how good of him to write it.  we so often forget the other persons feelings which is how we loose friends.  when you read Harry Truman's life story you see that his great success was that he liked  being with people and they felt comfortable in his presence.  he must have made Dale Carnegie's book his favorite read.
A few second Google search will say more about this wonderful man than my hundred character review of the book.
True friends can't be won, but that's not what this book is about.  It's about understanding people and what makes them tick.  It's about improving your inter-personal skills and thereby becoming a better person to be around.  Let's face it, FaceGram, InstaSpace and all of those other immediate gratification sites have really made in-person communication skills take a back seat.  This book is outstanding at teaching you what you would likely already know if you weren't sitting at a computer reading this review.  I hate books, but I highly recommend this book.  It's a quick, worthwhile read!  It's the best $10 you'll spend all year!
This is a bunch of mambo jumbo in my opinion. May have worked back in the 1900s when it first came out but people aren't gullible as it seems they were back then. Cheap tricks are repeated over and over on this book, no real content. Consider The Four Agreements (also available in audible format) which is a much better read. Not exactly the same subject but gets you to a more efficient way of living your life (Toltec Wisdom).
